	dr. goldberg offers everything i look for in a general practitioner.  he's nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he's always on time in seeing his patients; he's affiliated with a top-notch hospital (nyu) which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to see specialists without having to see him first.  really, what more do you need?  i'm sitting here trying to think of any complaints i have about him, but i'm really drawing a blank.	4 star
	Been going to Dr. Goldberg for over 10 years. I think I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG. He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture. It is because of him, not my now former gyn Dr. Markoff, that I found out I have fibroids. He explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding. He doesn't judge and asks all the right questions. Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.	3 star
	Got a letter in the mail last week that said Dr. Goldberg is moving to Arizona to take a new position there in June.  He will be missed very much.  \n\nI think finding a new doctor in NYC that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find a date!	3 star
	Top notch doctor in a top notch practice. Can't say I am surprised when I was referred to him by another doctor who I think is wonderful and because he went to one of the best medical schools in the country. \nIt is really easy to get an appointment. There is minimal wait to be seen and his bedside manner is great.	4 star
	Dr. Eric Goldberg is a fantastic doctor who has correctly diagnosed every issue that my wife and I have had. Unlike many of my past doctors, Dr. Goldberg is very accessible and we have been able to schedule appointments with him and his staff very quickly. We are happy to have him in the neighborhood and look forward to being his patients for many years to come.	4 star
	Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.	1 star
	Decent range somewhat close to the city.  The mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?).	2 star
	I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!	3 star
	After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.	1 star
	Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	Old school.....traditional \"mom 'n pop\" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.	4 star
	Good fish sandwich.	4 star
	Good beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.	2 star
	Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.	1 star
	Let there be no question: Alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades. Try a burger on Italian bread. The service is flawlessly friendly, the food is amazing, and the wings? Oh the wings... but it's still about the cheeseburger. The atmosphere is inviting, but you can't eat atmosphere... so go right now. Grab the car keys... you know you're hungry for an amazing cheeseburger, maybe some wings, and a cold beer! Easily, hands down, the best bar and grill in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	Used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don\"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.	0 star
	Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.	0 star
	Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They \"fixed\" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the \"manager\" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.	0 star
	Hoofah.	1 star
	I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.	3 star
	Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.	1 star
	If you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.\n\nThey serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.\n\nIf you're hungry, get \"The Mixed Grill\"... Gab and Eat's brand of the \"kitchen sink\" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.	2 star
	Cheap, unpretentious, and, for this, one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country.  Simply put I LOVE it here.  The mixed grill, the sausage and egg on a biscuit, the home fries.  This it the very definition of diner.  Thank you Gab 'n' Eat!	4 star
	I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh, I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of. Honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner, and nowhere that i have been does it as well as this joint. Go here and you will be happy you did.	3 star
	Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.	4 star
	Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.	3 star
	What a find! I stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business. The service is so friendly I thought I was down south. The service was quick, frankly and felt like I was with family. \nFantastic poached eggs, Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00.	4 star
	Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.	4 star
	Tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful	4 star
	Best Irish food in the Burgh.  Great bar food too.  The service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.  But, that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again.	3 star
	I needed alterations done to my suit very quickly. Like three days quickly. Not only did Filberto at Alteration World have it ready, the price was beyond reasonable and the work was EXCELLENT! I plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.\n\nOh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop!	4 star
	Are you are really looking at the review for LJS?  Its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.	2 star
	I agree with Paul on this one. But I had to stop here on my way home from work tonight. \n(I think I feel my heart yelling at me again) , The gal at the drive thru window was just soooo sweet , I just might go back and ask her to marry me! \nBut then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online. \nMaybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?	2 star
	When I moved to the area, Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years. I've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional, nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.	3 star
	I've been to this office a good amount of times.  Each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.  Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice, but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else	0 star
	Don Don is a restaurant I find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a TV. Oddly enough I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better. The food is average but I always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get Chinese food.	2 star
	Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.	0 star
	Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.	1 star
	We went on a weeknight.  Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.  We ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.  Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back.	0 star
	This location never disappoints!! Food is always consistently great, and if you come at the right time, (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!	4 star
	I belong to this gym...  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.  The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!	3 star
	If you like being greeted in the morning by a gym worker slopping down eggs from a frying pany instead of working....this is your gym....complain to the manager and she gets nasty....try getting in touch with the owner....impossible!  Most unprofessional gym ever!!!!	0 star
	Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!	0 star
	Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.  \n\nThe bar was jumping when I picked up our order.\n\nThe white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.	3 star
	Great little gem! The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving. I had the carrot cake yummy!! Def a place everyone should try.	3 star
	san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.	3 star
	Coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.\n\nI ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?  \n\nAmbiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of \"musts\" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!	1 star
	Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are \"just\" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....	1 star
	Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood	0 star
	Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.	1 star
	I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.  \n\nI was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.\n\nOrdered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.	3 star
	Service was great. Apps delish, specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!	2 star
	I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.	4 star
	spinach/feta cheese salad:  B-\npesto alfredo penne :  :A+\nCoconut Cake huge piece:  A+\nbread small portions:  B\nService B \nhost seemed grumpy, waitress good, but then she got busy .\nPRICE: Pasta was $15 and the portion smallish more like a $12.99 dish \nARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm	3 star
	It was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great (spicy) and enough for a meal. I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier. I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back.	4 star
	Some of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great.	4 star
	Finally, great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh, not that tasteless stuff that locals think is Italian.\n\nThe bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich, and unlike most restaurants was made with veal. I love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.\n\nI'm looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options, and next time, I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing.	4 star
	Man has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.	1 star
	Talk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible, thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok, as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly, that is a $10 dish whose price has been inflated.	2 star
	I've decided where I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional, rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them.	0 star
	The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.	0 star
	Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should. \n\nThen again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.	0 star
	This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.  \n\nOrder:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.\n\nThe soda machine was broken.   No sodas.\n\nThen I got to the window.  \"We rang you up for medium fries.\"   (Not what I asked for)  \"Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch.\"\n\nLeft with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.\n\nActually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...	0 star
	Mmm...peppermint mocha\n\nIn my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area.	2 star
	If there was ever a \"get your coffee and go\" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.	1 star
	I just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. Well, in my world recently because it's been a while since I've been here.\n\nThey've added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having a meeting here. Which is my concern during the week. I imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater. \n\nThe coffee, or tea for me.. Is still same old same old. I don't imagine one single Starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks...	2 star
	Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.	4 star
	This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!\n\nSeating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.\n\nBaristas are friendly and fast.	1 star
	This Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience, kindness, generosity and fairness. I left that afternoon loving Starbucks even more than when I went in. It's great that a company and their employees can be as loyal to their customers as their customers are to them.	4 star
	Its clean, open 24/7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??	2 star
	Well... as Steak 'n Shake locations go, this isn't the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.\n\nThe milkshakes are good!\n\nPROS: \nAlways made fresh, when you order;\n\nCONS:\nGreasy (but its burgers);\nTakes longer than typical in drive thru (but that's bc they're made fresh!);\nService (on a scale of 1-10, 10 being awesome) is a 4.	1 star
	Rather typical SnS.  Had a good lunch crowd.  Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street.  It took to long to get the burger for some reason, 25 minutes, I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!	1 star
	Ah, Steak n Shake, you hit the spot after a night of drinking. Open 24 hours, drive thru or dine in, with wonderful, cheap greasy burgers, chicken fingers, breakfast sandwiches, and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted, if we were at a fancy party, I might act like I don't know you, but deep down inside you know I heart you.	2 star
	The only thing worse than the food is the service.	0 star
	This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.	1 star
	I really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.	1 star
	Fast food in a resturant setting.  Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go.  Must be a reason why this place is always packed.	3 star
	The food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.	1 star
	Food is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.	0 star
	The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors. \n\nThe burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.	0 star
	Burgers are not the best quality. Better than McDonald's but not much better. The fries are fairly thin, but crispy. They aren't bad. The prices are also quite decent. However, their shakes are amazing. Thick and creamy. It's also great that they have half off shakes on weekdays in the early morning like 1-3am.	2 star
	I love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.	0 star
	Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.	0 star
	Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.	0 star
	This place teeters between a 2 and a 3 star review.  I've had pretty good experiences inside, it's usually the drive-thru where things fall a part.  \n\nIt's the rare place I can get a Frisco Melt well, the ONLY place I can get a Frisco Melt!  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk, Walk In OR Drive Thru.\n\nJust take a gun on Weekends, you'll be fine.	1 star
	Nice staff but apparently there is little manager oversight around 3:28am.\n\nI do like this place.  It must be nice to work somewhere that allows you to choose your own tasks.  Like smoking, sitting and texting.  I'm fine with cooking my food being fourth on the \"to do\" list because there is no where else togo really....\n\nWhy didn't they answer me at the drive through? I think they wanted me to come inside because my girlfriend and I are really really really good looking.\n\nThis was annoying but understandable.	1 star
	It's okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example I order the chicken tenders, and I got 3 little tiny tenders, and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice.	1 star
	Love this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!	4 star
	Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?	1 star
	$9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through \"Paradise City\" with the rest of the crowd.	1 star
	Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.	2 star
	Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.	4 star
	Sing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)	4 star
	What a great time!  This place was awesome!  I wish I lived right down the road, because I could see myself being a regular here.\n\nHonestly, these guys have got some talent, like real talent.  They can play the piano, sing, play guitar, and the drums.  Did I mention that they are all pretty hilarious, too.  I'd easily pay the $7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it.  \n\nI am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time, I am bringing a big group of friends.	4 star
	The musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd, so I can't say they are all bad.  However the minimum for a song request is $5.  I spent $20 on a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it!!  They were playing songs for $5 and $10, but my $40 got me no where.  Even if they didn't know the song, which I doubt, they could have picked one they knew and improvised,  my tip, save your $$ on the requests.\n\nOtherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile.	2 star
	He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.	0 star
	Pretty fun place to go every once in a while, but, believe me, by the end of the night you'll be ready to go. The show lasts around 5 hours, by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again.	2 star
	Typical, but new.  \n\nYou see all of the people that are walking in and out and, I must say, the customers look like they work for a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot.  That is amazing.  \n\nRan around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees, but some of them actually asked if I needed help -- after I had found the item.	2 star
	Would like to give NO STARS.  bought all new kitchen appliances there.  Refrigerator is defective.  They\nsend an outside company to repair.  Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer.  not once, twice.  The first time, he tries to use my spoon from counter to install it!  I complain, too bad...they have to comeTHREE times before replacing it!  NEVER AGAIN.	0 star
	Your typical area big box hardware store.  It's convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.\n\nCan't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate.	2 star
	This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores, but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall, their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe's.	2 star
	Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.	3 star
	The food here can actually be a little hit and miss, but I love the grilled cheese club with fries. I get it way too much. People make fun of me.\n\nThey have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards, fyi.	4 star
	This place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.	1 star
	I love the games here but can't go very often since they don't rotate new games in very often.  The place is usually pretty clean.\n\nPool tables often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you'll find in the city.\n\nFood is just \"ok\" Drink prices are fair but not great.	3 star
	Not much of a review for this one, but just a few tidbits of info...\n\nPool (on Friday/Saturday) is $14 per hour\n(I'm pretty sure its $10 through the week)\n\nMixed drinks are way too pricey for the location.\nThe food is crap.\n\nThe games are fun and the pool tables are nice (they're the big tournament style/size, not the shitty bar-room, tiny pool tables).\n\nThat is all.  :)\n\n(the pricing is based on my recent trip.\nWe shot pool for a few hours, I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60	1 star
	Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.	4 star
	Mediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.	0 star
	This place just plain sucks\nBad management lost them biz\nDumb arcade drama*\n\n* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old	0 star
	i had fun here.. fun big kid games for me!!!\nO.. But the bartender Melissa was a SUPER bitch and RUDE \nHope they fire her..	2 star
	A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4	2 star
	Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.	0 star
	My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.	1 star
	Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu	0 star
	Not the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.\n\nI like the food and I have tried all the beers.  They're just \"OK\" as far as beer goes.\n\nLarge portions. Friendly staff.	2 star
	My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.	0 star
	Little slow on the service and didn't have the beer I wanted on the menu. But you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site.   But the stadium pretzels are good.  The cream stout is tasty.\n\nThe burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry, but hey the burgers would choke a horse - and almost did.  :o)	2 star
	Lately, the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said, I ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived, the bread was as hard as a brick and cold. The filling was okay, but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing. I suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the Rock Bottom.	1 star
	Went with a group after work for dinner and a brew.  We ordered a few appetizers first.  The wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun.  Had a burger, you can create your own from veggie, turkey, or fresh ground beef. Had a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.\n\nThe brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier.	2 star
	Beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.	3 star
	I must admit, I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  Other than that, meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another \"brewery\" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave, you may want to kick it up a notch Rock Bottom.  But how would anyone know to?  It's a chain.  Whomp whomp!	1 star
	For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.	0 star
	Dined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.	2 star
	The only reason Rock Bottom gets 3 stars is because of the brews. Food was \"eh\", not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great, but sadly, it falls way too short in almost all areas.	2 star
	Rock Bottom was our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl.  As expected, the bar was lively, the food was good, and the service was accommodating,  The beers are better than Church Brew Works and the bar was populated.  The bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave us a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl.  \nI vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works.	3 star
	Slow service\nBelow average food \nIll pass	1 star
	Its not bad. I'm not into chain kind of places, but if you're with a group that doesn't do anything more adventurous, you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time.	2 star
	I rarely give a business a superior rating, but I have to say my wife and I had one of the best dining experiences at the Rock Bottom Brewery.   The food was delicious,  the beer, every recipe sampled,  was amazing and the service was wonderful.  The staff made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant. \n\nPlease support this business.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.	4 star
	Came with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.	0 star
	I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly.	3 star
	Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.	3 star
	Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.\n\nOn to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.	0 star
	Planned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off! Service was extremely helpful, professional, and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!	4 star
	The staff here is very nice and the set up has TVs all around the family so enjoy mostly all sports, the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times.	3 star
	The beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a \"foodie\" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise, you are better off skipping it.	1 star
	Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.	0 star
	This is  a \"Okay\" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again \"maybe\".  If your into beer and watching the game, then yeah go there.	2 star
	Good club for a good laugh. High food prices (most comedy clubs are), 2 item min. The food was less than stellar. I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more. \n\nService was decent, I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses. I get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 mins.	2 star
	My husband and I went to do something fun. The comedy was great!  The food, however, is mediocre at best. In addition, we were seated in the last row, and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table, so that they were in front of us. I could not see a thing. When we received our check, they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon.	1 star
	Good! I can't comment on the food or the bathrooms, but from what experienced it was great! The drinks were decent, and I  believe you must order two items at minimum. The staff is quick, but they should have more people working on a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.\n\nThe comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!	3 star
	I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!	3 star
	So...we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich. I had\nMy shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fianc\u00e9s chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible, in fact, she didn't eat more than 3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better.	1 star
	Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.	4 star
	Nice Giant Eagle, not as nice as their new Market Districts, but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi, good cheese selection, awesome bakery.	2 star
	This is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.	4 star
	I'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you, Waterfront Giant Eagle, are not bad and pretty close to where I live.	3 star
	I don't know why, but I just can't like this location very much.  I lived in the area for a little over three years and would always go to another GE before this one.  Maybe it's the way it's set up or maybe it's the way that the lighting seems so very dim.\n\nThe selection is typical for any GE, broad and expansive.  Some prices are a bit steep.  \n\nThis location, like many others, has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.  Which is nice, it saves an extra trip to a drug store.	2 star
	One comfy seat in the entire place, but they have a cafe, they have good books to look at, and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.	3 star
	Such nice staff.  \n\nI really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.  \n\nThe store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.  \n\nI really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.	4 star
	Nice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.	2 star
	Service has always been good and the food consistent, we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there's some great deals on drinks as well.\n\nThings that stand out to me: veggie wrap, fried zucchini, hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter, and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)	2 star
	Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.	2 star
	The absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!	0 star
	I've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.\nDrinks are good, service is good.\nLocation is great as well, right across the movie theater.	3 star
	$1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.	4 star
	Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.	0 star
	I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.	0 star
	The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!	1 star
	Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well	1 star
	Really the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality.	1 star
	Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads	2 star
	It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.	1 star
	Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.	4 star
	The worse \"Chinese food\", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.	0 star
	This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho	1 star
	Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.	0 star
	I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!	1 star
	I don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!	1 star
	Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish.\nI also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.\n\nMy girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.\n\nOverall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.	2 star
	Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!	0 star
	Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.	1 star
	Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.	1 star
	The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.	1 star
	I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again!	3 star
	Nope!	0 star
	Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well	1 star
	Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..	1 star
	Love the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tell you their sales. If I wanted to know I'd ask !!!	2 star
	Wasn't terrible,\nBut certainly wasn't great.\nSave your hard-earned cash.	2 star
	Went there for lunch and had a decent meal.  While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent, the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies.	2 star
	We visitied PF Changs on Sunday with a large group of 20 people.  Although they had to split the tables - everything was delicious!\n\nWe enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps...to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests...to the fried banana dessert!\n\nif you are with a group, and you want dessert - get the fried bananas!  They come wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.\n\nOverall, we had a great time and would come back here again.	3 star
	LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD	2 star
	This was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. \n\nThey were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an \"Asian Bistro.\"	0 star
	I was unimpressed with my food and I am even more sad to see, now that P.F Chang's mass produces frozen dinners. \nThis is about as far away from Chinese food you can get, unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?	2 star
	Surprised how empty the restaurant was tonight.   First time at this location.  Great service, but wasn't hard to do.....\n\nHad a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu.	2 star
	ok so i've eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it. now, i'll be honest this is the only one i've ever been to, so i don't know if they're all the same but every time i'm underwhelmed. i get there, look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but for how much they charge, they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion. just saying...	1 star
	A big thank you to Chad Cynamom, manager at PF Chang's for making our anniversary night so special.  He seated us, brought us drinks and told us about the menu.  Every time my fiance and I go to this PF Chang's, we get the best service.  Food isn't the most authentic chinese food we've ever had, hence the 4 stars.  It is a bit overpriced as well, but the service makes up for it.	3 star
	Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!	0 star
	Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!	3 star
	I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.	1 star
	We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. \n\nI still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.	3 star
	This is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again.	3 star
	This place hit the spot. \n\nStopped here before a movie and ate at the bar. We got just what we wanted: quick service and some good eats. \n\nI recommend the fried green beans with aioli  -- soooo good! Who knew I liked green beans?! And this trip I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef, it was extremely fresh and delish (so who cares if it's not beautiful?!)	4 star
	Extremely helpful staff that knows exactly what shoes are comfortable yet stylish. The shoes I bought were high quality and durable. I was extremely impressed by the staff.	4 star
	I like Panera bread but this one is a so so. I always get my fuji chicken salad in every Panera bread I go. All of the other use spring mix to make their fuji chicken salad except this one.. They just use regular salad and salad doesn't taste or look very fresh either. I was kind of excited to find there is a panera bread around us but I am disappointed after trying it. Don't know if we will be back again.	2 star
	Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.	1 star
	The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. \n\nThe service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. \n\nBetween being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.	0 star
	I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.	4 star
	Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!\n\nAnd I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what \"retro tee\" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!	3 star
	It's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.\n\nIf you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.	2 star
	Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.	1 star
	It's not that delish.	1 star
	Great on line service!!!  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in a timely manner.	4 star
	This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.	0 star
	I love bed bath & beyond! \n\nThe employees at this particular one are always available and helpful!  \n\nThe selection, plus the 20% off coupons keep me coming back, and its also where I get all of the things for my soda stream. \n\nOverall I will be back many, many times	3 star
	We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding! One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed. The wedding registry coordinator, Christina, was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty. I would recommend this wedding registry without a doubt!	4 star
	Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.	1 star
	Great location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)	4 star
	They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!	2 star
	Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.	3 star
	God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids	1 star
	If you're looking for a wallet, a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.\n\nOtherwise, this kind of shopping just isn't for me!\nI don't have the patience for clothes shopping here though.\nThe racks drive me nuts bc they're in no particular order.\n\nIts \"Shirts/Sizes\", \"Pants/Sizes\", \"Jeans/Sizes\", \"Coats/Sizes\"\nI can't look through a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something I like (aimlessly) in a M or L... I just cant do it!  lol\nWish I could, I'd probably find some deals.\n\nPROS:\nSome good deals\n\nCONS:\nYou've gotta \"dig deep\" to find 'em	2 star
	Went in here to grab a last minute item I needed for an outfit.  I wasn't going to hold my breath here either, I know it's a Marshalls and that doesn't always mean the best selection.  It's hit or miss no matter what you are looking for.\n\nThis day, was a hit, maybe even a home run.  I do have to admit, the Kenneth Cole shirt I got not only looked great on me, but made my wallet feel even better!	2 star
	A very nice meal in a very nice restaurant\n\nPROS:\nVery good food\ninteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crap\nGreat service\nVery clean (restrooms, included)\n\nCONS:\nn/a	4 star
	Got lunch from here today. \n\nWhat I sampled: \nMaine Lobster Bisque (delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here)\nCheeseburger (decent version I only ate about half, but I expect the other half won't last long)\n\nOverall I enjoy going here, though it is a bit overpriced, but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!	2 star
	Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.	3 star
	Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.	1 star
	The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.	1 star
	The food was really good, but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the small side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me. I got the \"shark fin\" pie and it was really good. The waitress thought I wouldn't be able to finish it... but I showed her. Take that, waitress.	2 star
	Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!	1 star
	Beautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover.	4 star
	My husband and I went to Mitchell's last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon (after lunch but before the dinner crowd). I can't say enough about this place...we have gone here on a few occasions and I've always been please with everything. \n\nPros: Nice friendly waitress, who took some time to take our picture (since it was our anniversary), food was excellent and not extremely overpriced, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!\n\nCons: None on this visit or any previous visits	4 star
	I have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.	2 star
	In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.\nBroiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour.\nI'd go back because the fish was that good	3 star
	Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.	0 star
	I'm not too impressed with this particular Dick's Sporting Goods. It is in a great location in the Waterfront, but the selection seems a bit limited to me. They have what you need, but they don't have many options it seems.\n\nI went in there the other day and it looks like they also have a snowboarding section now, which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting, golfing and biking, in addition to the other regular deptartments. \n\nYour normal Dick's. Nothing spectacular, but it will do.	2 star
	living alone I love the 5 for $20 deals they have on meat. I also love Faygo products when I have a party or bbq so their sales are always right on time. They don't have as many stores in the area but they are worth checking out. The lines are a lot shorter and the staff is a lot friendlier.	2 star
	This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn't get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd. Now it never seems all that busy. Many of the store's best and dedicated employees left or were let go (about five years ago) and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover has seemed to slow.	2 star
	By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.	0 star
	By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the\nWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.	0 star
	Underated and ignored!  if you see this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style!  Better then DiSallas  the only thing I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo's !  they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wall type places and this is one of those enviroments!  Small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon!  To just enjoy with yourself and a friend!	3 star
	I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.	2 star
	Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place	2 star
	Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.	1 star
	I have been looking for 3 years for good crab rangoon - I finally found it!!!  We had boneless ribs that were absolutely wonderful.  Definitely going back!!!	4 star
	Ok this is my first yelp review, I never left any reviews for other restaurants, but I am writing it because I want others to know about this place more.\n\nRestaurant run by family. very friendly, clean cooking environment, and Great food. I would come to this place again and again whenever I visit Pittsburgh.\n\nIts less than 10min drive from Kennywood, if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place.	4 star
	Came here from PGH for the first time.  This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.  Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.  Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.  Delicious.\n\nAnd a sweet old lady serving em up.\n\nThe best.\n\nDelicious.	4 star
	Well for my first time here I was way less than impressed. The lady at the front counter was a crab and  the Pierogies really weren't that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies. I guess Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T's is still my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly. I wouldn't go back	0 star
	OMG good pierogis in a classic blue collar 'hood. At first glance, it looks like a place to get a flat fixed on your tire. Instead, I re-learn why I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to! It's well worth the mapquest ...	3 star
	Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!	4 star
	Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!	3 star
	Very quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.	3 star
	Great service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back	4 star
	They do great quality work. The only reason I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice. I am a very patient and understanding person, but being rude twice means you dont want my business and I tipped 20%.	1 star
	ewwww	0 star
	The order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time. \n\nI will not order from this place again.	1 star
	A great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls!	3 star
	Luigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :)	4 star
	I stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders. \n\nThe staff is friendly.	2 star
	I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.	0 star
	My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.	0 star
	Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.	0 star
	If you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting \"burn, baby, burn.\"	0 star
	Horrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty, just absolutely rank.	0 star
	came back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a/c worked fine....	3 star
	I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.	0 star
	This is my favorite 'event' restaurant (by which I mean, spendy, but definitely worth it for special occasions).  It is great for intimate birthdays, celebrations, etc.  Whatever karmic intervention gave the 'Bustling Borough of Bellevue' this restaurant makes me think we, as a community, has done something right. \n\nBut more importantly the food...  Oh, the food!  The owner/chef takes so much care, it makes the whole experience very enjoyable.  I have never had a bad meal.  \n\nI	4 star
	Yes!!!!!!\n\n\n\n\nGreat service!\nGreat Food!\nLove the BYOB!!! ($5).	4 star
	Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh.  It's got everything from the low-end (cookies, cupcakes, donuts) to the high (wedding cakes, tortes, tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.	4 star
	Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.	2 star
	Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts, pastries, and desserts. Their bread selection, however, was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still, this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.	3 star
	Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.	0 star
	Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.	1 star
	Ever shopped at a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels, some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!	4 star
	Love the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.	0 star
	Prices not great for true thrifters. Staff completely useless. No dressing rooms. I simply have nothing to say about this place.	1 star
	nice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.	2 star
	I've been going here since I was a wee tot.  I have always enjoyed their food even though there's nothing too special about it.  I really like their breakfast menu.  You always seem to get lots of food for very little money, which is nice.  \n\nMy only complaint is that it is WAY TOO SMALL and always very busy.  They should really look at expanding the restaurant.	3 star
	A great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.	2 star
	First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(	1 star
	Thank You Kim and Kurt! It was very nice of you guys to take the time to post your reviews on our service. We really appreciate it. We hope your clocks will continue to do well for years to come. Please dont hesitate to give us a call if there's anything else we can do for you.\n\nLisa\nPaul's Clock Repair	4 star
	Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.\nI was very happy with my services and I will return. \n My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.	3 star
	I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.	1 star
	I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.	0 star
	The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.\n\nWhat really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...	0 star
	Another really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!	4 star
	Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.	1 star
	There was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines, home style Italian cooking. Great upbeat ambience.	4 star
	Small portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK, but disappointing overall.	2 star
	If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The \"Chef\" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.	0 star
	Great	0 star
	Definitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.	0 star
	I prefer this store to the Market District on Centre. It's just as overpriced and poorly laid out and maybe a bit grimy, but carries less products to sift through when you just need to grab some simple things, hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning.	1 star
	Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for \"cutting in line\". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.	0 star
	I been going to this place since the 90s and this place is the MIDDLE CLASS GE. I stopped going to this place since I got a job at whole foods. My mom went here a two weeks ago for the first tine in a long time she say that the people are still there and the place looks better and the people are a lot friendly now. \nSo if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside.	4 star
	I agree with other reviews, this store is poorly laid out and honestly makes no sense. Sometimes bigger is not always better. I used to head here often while living near Shadyside to stop at the Family Dollar & hit GE in one run. \n\nI normally only stopped here for a Redbox movie. My debit card got hacked at an outdoor Redbox at a Get Go so I'll only go to a Redbox that is indoor like this one. \n\nAnyways, I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines/wait & awkward clientele outside.	1 star
	Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase .	1 star
	Nothing spectacular, but I go there regularly, and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are, understandably, not necessarily qualified to work on non-Asian hair, as they don't cut a lot of it). Parking can be tough, depending on time of day--there's a shared private lot, but it's small.	2 star
	i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice, sometimes like talking to me sometimes talk just to each other, worth three stars for sure.	2 star
	Went here with a friend for his haircut. It's been a long time since I've been to a barber shop or haircut salon/store, but from what I remember this place seems completely average. The hair stylists seem nice enough and competent. The wait was a few minutes- I actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a Saturday. If I ever need a haircut (which I haven't gotten in maybe 5 years!), I wouldn't have a problem stopping in here- but I tend to enjoy my long shaggy mop.....	2 star
	I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!	0 star
	According to Urbanspoon (blasphemy I know) their are like 1,100 pizza places in pittsburgh. So what is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. Everyone has an opinion and so here is mine: The best pizza in Pittsburgh is the pie comes from the place in you neighborhood that has quality ingredients, fair prices, and friendly service. Eddie's Pizza Place  is all of these things and since I live in this neighborhood this is my favorite.	4 star
	Decent neighborhood pizza can be found in morningside at eddies pizza haus. The sauce and cheese are perfect, but the crust falls short.  It has a nice texture and overall the pizza isn't greasy, but the crust lacks much flavor. Maybe a little more salt is needed in the dough to compensate? The pizza is decent enough though and merits a try, perhaps it was an off day for Eddies.	2 star
	This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.\n\nI ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.	1 star
	Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.	0 star
	Not Tasty At All.	1 star
	Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. \n\nCannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.	0 star
	Good pizza and hoagies.  It is always busy.  Cash only.	3 star
	This is a Pittsburgh/Shadyside institution.\n\nWhat can I say, this place is good-eatin' basic Italian food!  Not spectacular, but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner, this is the place to go.  The pizza is outstanding.	3 star
	Based on some recent reviews, it looks like the quality of food at Minutellos has slipped a little bit.  Still as I mentioned before, it's a Shadyside institution located in the basement of an apartment building.  \n\nAnyway, the main reason to come to Minutellos is for the pizza.  My cousin and I did just that the other night when we were in the area.  We did the whole 'Build Your Own Pizza' thing, ordering ours with pepperoni, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  Good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated.	2 star
	Minutello's is going out of business. Last day of operation is Sunday, February 17, 2013.	2 star
	Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.	4 star
	I have an almost three-year-old cat named Jack that I spoil as if he were my son. I honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until I adopted Jack from an Animal Rescue League. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made.\n\nThe shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!	4 star
	This is a terrible shelter.  It appears that they routinely turn away (or kill, unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are \"overcrowded.\"  They will tell you that your cat has a \" behavioral issue\" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog, etc.) back or else you risk having them \"put down.\"	0 star
	This place is PHENOMENAL.\nI got my bunny here a few months ago and the ladies were so nice and helpful and they take SUCH good care of the animals.  They gave me a bit of hay and food for her that lasted me close to three months.  Then when we were leaving we saw a cage of six dwarf hamsters and they gave us a deal of 2/$10.\nI love my animals so much and I will always check here first for pets before anywhere else.	4 star
	The times I've been here, its been an OK experience. However, their store hours are absolutely terrible. Closing at 7pm basically means they're never open when I would need to go there. Despite this being more conveniently located, Walgreens and Target end up getting most of my quick-shop business, simply due to late hours at night when I need to cook, clean, realize I'm out of toothpaste, have a headache, need a last-minute birthday card or whatever.	1 star
	This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service, asserting they close at 6:00PM. Nevermind that online published hours are from 7AM to 7PM. Furthermore, their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30PM appointment. Finally, this building is an absolute dump... Goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it.	0 star
	Tire replacement, was told it would take about 1.5 hours (when I had an existing appointment). It's almost been 2.5 hours and I'm still waiting. Ridiculous.	0 star
	I'm a lawyer in NY and I'm visiting a friend in Pittsburgh. I am blown away by the code violations in this unit. The tenants said they have reported these issues to the owner and to no avail. I am hoping to direct these tenants to a lawyer in PA.	0 star
	The coffee here was excellent! Had a double espresso. Apparently their roaster is in Santa Cruz Ca. Large selection of French Press Coffees. Baked goods did not look too great but that is not why I came here. Atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable. Also has Wifi which works! Nice to find a place like this when traveling. Is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here.	4 star
	I love tazza.. Their coffees are excellent and its a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..I also like their Baklawa, sandwiches and Brownies..	4 star
	Best coffee in Pittsburgh, without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years, and every visit is a pleasure.	4 star
	local, friendly businesses serving a great product DO still exist.	4 star
	Reasons:\n\n1. LOCATION and setting: Highland Park is simply lovely - makes you feel as if you are in a small English town, where time has stood still. The art and small tables inside and outside are charming.\n2. Socially Responsible:Fair trade and international array of coffee.\n3. Fresh Meat:  Local pasture raised meat/ local produce in their tasty panini's.\n4. Nice crowd and staff.	2 star
	The coffee here is amazing (I love when the baristas take the effort to make patterns in the foam). The baristas were extremely friendly and the pastries looked delicious. While there are a number of tables, Enrico's was busy even on a Friday night...I would imagine that it would be hard to find a table during peak hours.	4 star
	This is where I learned what good espresso tastes like. If you make it to Highland Park, stop there and get some great neighborhood atmosphere.	3 star
	Great variety of coffee and methods (press, Chemex, pour-over).  I did not get a chance to try to the espresso, but it looked very good as well. Verve and Olympia are two very solid roasters and provide a wealth of choices. \n\nStaff was very helpful, location great. All around a good place in Pittsburgh.	3 star
	BEST COFFEE IN PITTSBURGH!\n\nYou might think there is better coffee elsewhere.  You're wrong!\n\nI love this coffee shop, and there is a second location the Gates Building at CMU that I like to go to--their panini are to die for.\n\nI love this place, and you will too!	4 star
	Best coffee it Pittsburgh? Maybe, but this place is certainly competitive. French Press, Drip, espresso, or pour over? You name it they've got it. Only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection. If it is just coffee you want you this is the place. It is it a bit snobbish sure, but not nearly as much as many of the other coffee shops in Pittsburgh.	3 star
	Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states... I'd say this is the best  cappuccino I've had since Italy.	4 star
	We ordered a double espresso which looked more like a single shot. Cozy coffeeshop with an ample amount of seating.\n\nThere were different types of coffee available for purchase to drink there and beans to take home.\n\nCute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel.	2 star
	Best Cafe in Pittsburgh - like a hidden gem. The sandwiches are delicious, you must try the chocolate chip brownie, and the coffee is great and made exactly the way you like it.	3 star
	went in as a guest of a friend of mine who is a member there... nice atmosphere.  LOT of oldddd folks and they seem to market themselves as \"Silver Fitness\" sort of fitness center... (this may be a turn-off for some younger people.)\nthey had a lot of machines and exercise gear ... 2 pools and tan beds/etc /etc.  \ni'd probably prefer personally to work out somewhere with a younger crowd.	2 star
	Delicious wings - sometimes a bit too deep fried for my taste, but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from.	2 star
	The food here is okay.  Wings, BBQ, Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink.	1 star
	The front serves as a good Pittsburgh sports bar. It's a particularly great place to watch the Penguins in the spring when they open up the front wall. There are lots of HDTV's and there is a good selection of beer. \n\nThe food, however, is bland and is terrible bbq, even for the northeast. I would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you cannot see at home.	1 star
	Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.	2 star
	Wednesday is Wing night, i.e., eat your face off night. For ~ $9 you can eat unlimited wings (with your choice of various sauces) for several hours. If you can, top it off with a brownie - they're quite good.\n\nI've mostly had the wings at Blues & I like all of the sauces, but the burgers are good, as well. Whatever you do, make sure to get the sweet potato fries & tip your waitress! (Especially if her name is Meg).	2 star
	Oh how the mighty have fallen. This place used to be good. Something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad. Since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable.\n\nWriting this review makes me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game. The beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is. I essentially live across the street so I know I'll go back, but I hope some of these poor reviews will help them turn things around in the kitchen.	1 star
	Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar.	3 star
	Good place to watch a sports game.  Beer specials were good. Food is very overpriced though.  The wings are about the worst I've ever had... and I've had alot of wings growing up in Buffalo, NY.	1 star
	Their food is okay and beer selection is diverse and good. \n\nThe problem i have with the place is that Buffalo Bills fans congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team makes, (or almost makes) so it's like watching the Superbowl except it's a losing record team stopping a team on third down.	2 star
	Went here this past Saturday afternoon, 11/2. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out, we saw the bartender on the phone and other staff members standing in the back chatting. We went next door to Mad Mex and got much better service!	0 star
	Loved the hot vegetarian sandwich. Not easy to find veggie dishes which don't feel like a compromise. This was great. Excellent service from waitress Ariella with the long black pony tail (don't know her last name). Nice casual atmosphere. Resonable prices.	3 star
	The location is convenient but I was not a fan of the food. I had shrimp and Chinese veggies and crab Rangoon. They cut the veggies way too big and the sauce was bland. I won't go back for food but the crab Rangoon was ok. They didn't give any sauce. You have to ask for it. That sucks.	1 star
	This is an average Chinese buffet. The food was not bad, but not impressive neither, plus some cheap American food. The food was a little too greasy even by American Chinese food standard, and my stomach complained soon after I left that place. To me, that's a no-go signal.\n\nOn the other hand, they seemed to have a non-buffet counter next-door, perhaps the food would be better there.	1 star
	I think 2 or 3 stars is accurate for this joint... The chicken is quality meat and its lightly saut\u00e9ed but the sauce is to blah. It's a nice place to sit down and have Chinese food if you have no other local options.  \n\nIt's my last resort for Chinese food in the area. Prices are absurd!!!	2 star
	That is a great cat they have working, but they only have 3 brands of cat food, all of them expensive.  Funny enough though not as expensive as what I was looking for.  They followed me around like I was going to stuff my pockets and that just ruined the whole mom and pop thing.	0 star
	Smiley's is wonderful... filled with things to keep our trio of cats well-fed, well-treated, and well-entertained. Certainly this is not a big box store, but, honestly, I wouldn't give my pets 99% of the food, treats, or toys that can be found in those stores, so, really, Smiley's offers me a better selection of what I actually want than any big box does. (They have a very good selection of toys for cats!)  And Smiley's takes bulk orders and has the food within a few days... saving us the trouble of schlepping out to the 'burbs.	4 star
	Dr. Eric Segal was a complete ass. He was rude and obnoxious to me and my wife. We went to him for an adjustment and I left wanting to adjust this idiot's face. I will deter all of my clients from going here and will personally make sure that this man doesn't disrespect anyone else like he did to us.	0 star
	I had to get new tires mounted and balanced and when I went to pay, the guy at the register actually says something to the effect of \"Do you have any idea what this is supposed to cost? So, I could charge you $400 and you wouldn't know the difference?\" Joking or not, why even go there?	1 star
	Made an appointment for 3:30. They completely forgot I was coming but said they could start on my car in ten minutes and be done in an hour. Came back an hour later only to see my car in the same spot. They said it would take another two hours to start work. Completely unhelpful and unapologetic.	0 star
	Ah Monro, where \"45 minutes\" is actually 2 hours and running at the time of this post. My car is on a lift with no tires and the employees are smoking cigarettes laughing. I can't even escape if I wanted to. At least they turned the heat off in the waiting room. Not like it's November in Pittsburgh or anything...	0 star
	I wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society.	0 star
	Please go to the other McDonalds (not too far from here at 120 Penn Cir W).\n\nOne time while using their drive-thru service, we realized they forgot to add an item on our receipt. We asked how much the real total is and the employee told me, \"like $5.00.\" WHAT!?!!?!!  CAN YOU PLEASE USE YOUR REGISTER TO TELL ME HOW MUCH THE ACTUAL TOTAL IS!	0 star
	Good for Altar bar. But they didn't have fries....	2 star
	The most important quality a mechanic can have is honesty. Meet Tim Walter. When I take my car to Walter's I know the service will be good, fast and won't take a chunk out of my last paycheck. Calling ahead is usually a good idea so they can fit you in...	4 star
	I just want to echo what everyone else has already said about this mechanic.  My brakes gave out and I came upon the glowing reviews for Walter's, so I gave them a call.  Not only did Tim fix my car quickly and inexpensively, he actually came to pick it up himself so that I wouldn't have to spend money on a tow truck!  He's also an extremely friendly, funny guy who puts you at ease immediately.  I'll be going back there without hesitation the next time I need anything done on my car.	4 star
	Great place. I take my car there for everything. Inexpensive, friendly, and knowledgeable. They've fixed my tire, taped a broken hose temporarily, and done other things for no charge several times. I'd definitely recommend them.	4 star
	I thought I need an alignment and turns out all I needed was a tire balance. I stopped by he had me go with him and we drove around the block. I didn't cost me a thing because the tire balance was under warranty. Really  nice guy.	4 star
	Honest. Reliable. Trust Worthy.\n\nTim goes above and beyond with his service. He came to my house 3x one day to check everything he could before I ended up towing it to the garage. I will definitely go back!	4 star
	Extremely honest, great work and amazing prices. I had them repair a wheel issue on my car. For no charge the mechanic also hid some wires I never got around to moving for the DYI back-up camera I installed.	4 star
	Named for Pittsburgh greats, Gene Kelly and Billy Strayhorn, this historic theater is a real gem.  Originally the Regent, built in 1914, the building was renovated in 2000 as a performing arts center for theater, dance, music and film.  I have been to several fundraisers hosted by the Kelly Strayhorn, and they have always been first rate.  Also, I recently attended the Kelly Strayhorn's own fundraiser, Full Bloom, which was lots of fun.  As a venue, this place is definitely worth your attention, and the staff seems to bend over backward to make sure events go off without a hitch.	4 star
	Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.	4 star
	This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven, and their signature sandwiches are out of this world.  Everything else leaves nothing to be desired, and keeps me coming back as frequently as I can find someone to accompany me.	4 star
	I arrived on a Thursday afternoon at 5pm when there was absolutely no other soul in the bakery (except for the staff). My pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright. I also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake. The key lime cake was definitely the best of the three.\n\nWhile I've been to better bakeries, I will definitely be back. I have heard stories of wonder and delight from other friends.\n\nThere is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners.	1 star
	Among the best of the 'burgh.  Great live acts on a regular basis.	4 star
	Dear Shadow Lounge, \nI miss you. You're wonderful in every way. The dance parties, the live music, the poetry slams, the local art, the totally reasonable drink prices, the cute and chill proprietor eye candy...I could go on. \n\nStay awesome. \n\nXoxo,\nAndrea	4 star
	Great club/bar/lounge/venue. Great mix of people and music with decent bartenders and good prices on beer.	2 star
	Absolutely amazing! Great staff and service! Best music in Pittsburgh, hands down.  Good work guys!	4 star
	One of the most eclectic venues in Pittsburgh. Shadow Lounge has a great variety of acts that it pulls in.\n\nI just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time. Great music, fun crowd, pretty decent prices on drinks. I'll definitely be going back for Titletown and in general, Shadow Lounge is a great place to see alternative acts in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.	1 star
	I love this store. I can just spend hours walking around getting ideas of things to either update or change around my house.\n\nAll of the sales associates are very helpful and knowledgeable. Sometimes it's hard to find someone to help you because they are busy helping other customers.\n\nThey even cut keys that actually work.	4 star
	This was my first time to this Home Depot.  Very impressed with the customer service here.  We were redoing a bathroom and went in for more tiles.  They were out of them.  However, a staff member helped us use other tile and decorative pieces to compliment the tile we already had, instead of schlepping all the way to Monroeville to pick up the tile up were originally looking for.  We were very happy with the result!	2 star
	I would rather drive out of my way to another Home Depot than give this location my business. \n\nEmployees are unhelpful and the most of them are too busy talking to each other and complaining about their jobs to notice you're standing there in front of them. Strike that... I'm certain they notice, they just don't care.\n\nI'm a pretty understanding person, but when this sort of thing happens more than once on the same visit, it's time to go. There are plenty of HD's around, seek them out and skip this one (especially if you're going to have questions)!	0 star
	Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!	0 star
	Fairly mediocre, even by the relatively modest standards of Home Depot. Unfortunately, this is probably the best you're going to do for hardware in most of Pittsburgh.	1 star
	Tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency.  fail.	1 star
	Most definitely, I'm a fan of this joint. There are fabulous, high-quality displays of glass art, and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus, on gallery crawl nights (First Friday of every month!) they have snacks galore.	3 star
	Got my hair done in an updo (for only $25!!!!)  yesterday for my wedding.  they did amazing!  they listened to what i wanted and although it took quite a while (i have really long hair) she spent the time to do it right and exactly how i wanted it.  great service!!   The price is not high but the quality is!	4 star
	Great for a quick cut.  $22 for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish.	4 star
	This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.	0 star
	Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.	0 star
	Worst pizza I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered from here last weekend. The pizza (pepperoni) had no flavor and the crust was way too chewy. The Buffalo wings were cooked well, and were tender and juicy, but they had almost no sauce on them whatsoever; luckily I had some wing sauce in my fridge in order to save them. \n\nMaybe it was one bad night, and I can give them another chance later, but based on my one experience, I can't recommend this place to anyone.	1 star
	I order from these guys on campusfood.com\nThey are pretty good .. i get my order on time and their quality has been pretty consistent\nI mostly get things like hoagies and pizzas.. they are pretty decent\nThis place is pretty convenient for me when I am working on campus late at night when most other places have shut down.	3 star
	Great Hoagies! \n\nI always get the Steak Deluxe hoagie and my wife gets the Italian Deluxe and then we give each other half of the other ones hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get.	4 star
	I like the pizza and the selection of toppings.  They are reliable.  Great option for take out food.	2 star
	This was one of first pizza places that I've tried inPittsburgh. It was about 5 years ago. I don't have a clear memory of that time but I have Parma pizza phobia ever since... So go figure...	1 star
	Pizza Parma delivers through GrubHub, which is the primary reason I ordered sandwiches from them. BBQ chicken was ok. The bread is a little more on the burnt than toasted side, leading it to be dry. The value is good. The 20\" sandwich was about $11.	2 star
	Great friendly service and my order was done fast, which was amazing since I was a walk-in. Lots of toppings piled high but I wish there was more cheese. They did have small bottles of vanilla Coke, which is a rare find these days.	2 star
	Everybody, chill out.  This is a trendy place to shop, yes, but it also has better prices on some things than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's (Gasp!).  I split my time between Here, Giant Eagle and Trader Joe's pretty evenly, depending on what specialty items I might need.\n\nOh yeah, don't drive here.  Walk, ride your bike or take the bus.  If you're really smart, you'll avoid the headache and park on one of the many adjacent side streets.	2 star
	AH!  I am never shopping anywhere else for groceries ever again (except if I want like ketchup and bologna and stuff-- then I'll have to go to giant eagle.)  But, after coming from the middle of nowhere midwest, I cannot tell you how good it feels to see cheese and meat in the grocery store that I actually want to eat.  \n\nAH!	4 star
	Whole paycheck is a fitting name.\n\nThis Whole Foods is decent for regular items but their prepared food prices have gotten really high as of late.  \n\nI used to shop here for almost everything but their common products can now be had at almost any other grocery store for less.\n\nWhole Foods had it's day as a unique place to shop with hard to find organic produce and products. \n\nNow it's just more expensive.	1 star
	Compared to other Whole Foods locations, this one is tiny! For comparison, the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size. Still, it's nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey.	3 star
	Food poisoning a la Tomato Bisque Soup.\n\nForever skeptical.\n\nThat's too bad, I don't mind paying extra for better produce or better brands. But, I KIND OF mind getting extremely sick, so sick that anything I ever would vouch for goes down the toilet, with my vomit.	0 star
	Great selection of vegan, vegetarian, raw milk, prepared foods, bakery, cheeses and aged beef. Very expensive, trader Joe's and Market district come to mind as a cheaper alternative. Parking at this particular store is a nightmare.	1 star
	everything is a cluster.  the store.  the parking lot.  the people -- customers included.  full-on cluster. barely any parking for a massive, heavily polluting pick up truck.\n\ninside: avocados are the price of gold, and there are no goddamn vegan taco spices at a place that's supposed to be so fancy.  \n\nmeh.  go to market district where they keep it real.  real classy!!!	0 star
	Short and sweet, and as a Haiku.\n\nParking is awful\nNo wine, but that's PA's fault\nBest organic food	2 star
	I am a big fan of the Whole Foods company in general.  The store back home (Omaha) had a wine bar, espresso bar, gelato, sushi and udon stand, a GIANT cheese counter where you could sample...I could go on.\n\nThe Pittsburgh Whole Foods is small, and almost as overcrowded as its parking lot.  Two-thirds of the time they are out of what I came for.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying THAT much for groceries, I want a stellar shopping experience.  This WF is mediocre at best.	1 star
	Parking is tough, the food selection is great, and if you call ahead they will set aside awesome moving boxes for you.	3 star
	This review is for the buffet at Whole Foods. Overall, it is good, and there are lots of great options. The food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick, healthy lunch on-the-go. I went with a friend and we spent a little over $20 on lunch for the 2 of us, which seems a little high for what it is, but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99/lb is fair. Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food.	3 star
	I love shopping here. The staff is really nice, no attitudes. Even the other shoppers are kind. It's always nice. Thanks to everyone for making Whole Foods a nice shopping experience.	4 star
	I loved it, parking and all, after all, they had Palak Paneer! Mmmmm. It was tasty. I spent a lot, but I was ok with the occasional splurge. the second trip, i again bought my hit foods Palak Paneer and it had obviously gone over. \n\nEver have whoopsies after green Indian cuisine?\n\nIt's off my list now. Forever.	0 star
	As a vegan (since 2008) we are a regular at whole foods. It's convenient since we live in Lawrenceville. My one and biggest complaint is that they need to carry more (if not all) organic produce. Not this \"conventional\" garbage. Other than that they have a huge variety of products and grocery items to choose from. Staff is always friendly and helpful.	3 star
	This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area.	1 star
	Hats? They got some sweet stuff. \nShirts? Stuff you won't get anywhere else. \nSocks? They got you covered. \n\nGreat staff and cool location. Go check this place out.	3 star
	Hey, Jimmy! Cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags! The early bird special is cheaper because it is mostly cabbage and the tea tastes like second-hand smoke.\nI had the same dish previously, without the special and it was fine (hence 2 stars and not 1). I'm going to avoid this place until I get a craving to drink tobacco.	1 star
	Went there last night with 8 peeople. There was another 14 people party.\n\nThe food was good -- not great but good. We waited 45 minutes for the first dish to arrive and that only because we sent one of our folk to see what was going on. \n\nThey did bring drinks and tea promptly.	2 star
	Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.	0 star
	Yep, closed!  My dad and I were gonna come here dinner last night.  He called me and told me to meet him at China Palace instead.  \n\nSo long Jummy Tsang's!  You were one of the last of the old time Chinese joints.	2 star
	Great stuff here...The cheese plates are great and always changing. Awesome staff, and the menu offers an nice variety!!\n\nAsk for Tim for your waiter!	3 star
	As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ... the place is nice, fancy, organic-ish, alternating menu, nice atmosphere. Good date restaurant. Good food-lovers restaurant.	4 star
	The food here is pretty good.  Comparable to any 3 to 3.5 star restaurant.  The lamb is definitely good.  And it is definitely a good date restaurant.  I would rather give it 3.5 stars since I've definitely eaten at better restaurants. But for Pittsburgh, it ranks pretty high up.	3 star
	Meh.  Seriously?  Mediterranean?  What?  Sorry, but just because you serve scallops on babah ganoush doesn't make your restaurant Mediterranean.\n\nThis was kind of a disappointment, if you couldn't tell by my sarcastic tone.  The food was good, and I had a great time, but the food lacked the final eyebrow raising component that you come to expect with the bill that follows.\n\nThat said, the wine list was good and the prices were reasonable relative to the food.  Get the cheese course for dessert and you'll go home happy.	2 star
	There is a disconnect here between this name, the decor and the food. That said, I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful. Good salad, delicious bread and hummus. Great service. For Pittsburgh, top notch.	3 star
	great atmosphere and great food. while the menu changes seasonally, my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta, pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.\n\ncasbah also has a great wine list, and great service that is there when you need them, but doesn't annoy.	3 star
	Very tasty food and drinks! Its a little pricey, but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain.	2 star
	I came here with a friend for her birthday, and the food really isn't particularly special.  Portions are decent, and I guess the prices are reasonable... if they had better food. \n\nThe outside of restaurant makes me think that the inside will be just as square and boring, but the inside patio area was pretty nice actually.\n\nOverall, I just wasn't very impressed with the food.  If I was offered to eat this food for free, sure, I'd take a helping, but probably not seconds.	1 star
	This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant. The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal. I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.	3 star
	Food phenomenal! Service can be hit or miss.	3 star
	Overall a good experience. Food was mostly very good. My sweet pea risotto was just OK. My wife's short rib ravioli was creative and very tasty. Neither of us are big eaters, but noted how small the portions were, especially compared to the price. One cup of risotto for $20+? Four ravioli for the same?\n\nThey altered the desert recipe on request, which for sure was over and above the call.\n\nService was attentive and the setting nice.	3 star
	Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.  Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree, the quality is hard to find period.  Very progressive menu but not too wild, products are from near area farms, very knowledgable staff.  And butter served at the right temperature, that's a novel idea!  Just a great experience, can't wait to get back there.	4 star
	Service is a little slow but overall the best food I've had in Pittsburgh so far. If you're a seafood fan, the scallops are amazing. Very decent wine list and lots of parking.	3 star
	Casbah is definitely my favorite restaurant in P-burgh; in fact, usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah. Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi, tuna tartare, arugala salad, bread pudding, and pretty much every soup. The short rib ravioli is a must have although arguably a touch salty. The menu is so inventive!	4 star
	- Great food. I had the Gerber's Amish Farm Chicken Breast and it was cooked perfectly and delicious =]\n- Nice wine selection. Though I'm a beer guy.\n- Friendly staff.\n- Okay atmosphere.\n\nThis place is definitely worth trying. Will be back for seconds!	3 star
	Not a good vegan experience.  We were meeting friends at Casbah for dinner -their choice.  Since I follow a version of vegan, I called ahead and was assured that they had vegan versions of a couple of pasta dishes.  Server was very cooperative and said she would instruct the kitchen to omit the meat and  increase the veggies on their cavatelli.   Well, they omitted the meat, but I was left with one of the smallest servings of pasta that I have ever seen.  At about $20, it was close to the price of caviar!	0 star
	Oh I love this place.  It has a great menu and wine list.  It has all the great dishes with a touch of flare.  I took this meal to seafood town from start to finish and have no regrets.  The staff was really friendly - realized I was there for a special occasion and brought out a desert that said congratulations - the little things.\n\nWe dined outside and I felt tucked away in a Europe-esque atmosphere for a few hours.\n\nIt is worth reserving a spot on the patio to get the full experience.	4 star
	A delicious menu with a twist. Unique wine list too!	3 star
	Love Casbah.  Been going there for years and have never had a less than great meal and service.  OF course their signature lamb is to die for (with the Stag's Leap Petite Syrah).  What can I say -- the cheese plate is great.  Everything is well-prepared and the service is among the best in the -burgh.	4 star
	My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi. Just amazing! Service is fantastic, nice decor. I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.	4 star
	Best \"Babaganoush\" we've had since we visited Egypt.\nThe gaspacho soup was fantastic, and since my husband wouldn't share his short rib ravioli, I can only assume they were suburb also. \nThe atmosphere was a tad basic, but it was also different and therefore interesting and enjoyable.	4 star
	Let me say that my five stars are based primarily on the calamari appetizer ... it is SOOO good! The squid was very lightly battered and fried so briefly that it was tender and delicious. Seriously, it was one of the best I've eaten, and I've made it a point of sampling calamari. The entrees (short rib ravioli and cavatelli) were very good, too. As for the Carrot Cob for dessert, forget it. It only detracts from the otherwise wonderful meal.	4 star
	Casbah continues to be my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. High quality service and creative dishes. Sign up for mailers for Big Burrito special offers and birthday discount.  \n\nMust try:\nCalamari\nCheese plate\nShort Rib Ravioli\nPork Chop\nWatermelon Gin Fizz	4 star
	Though I didn't get a chance to visit this place when I visited last month, I really do love Quiet Storm and I will be sure I hit it up next time I'm in town visiting my friends there. The decor is adorable. The prices are reasonable. It was an intimate place to see a show and it's too bad they are no longer doing them here. I really feel like this place was one of the first things that made me heart Pittsburgh. It's truly a unique space.	3 star
	Wondering where the Pittsburgh hipster crowd hangs out? Look no further than the fixie parked outside the Quiet Storm. \n\nAnd then go inside and have some delicious food and drink.	3 star
	This place is cool!  But it is also 'cool'.  Service is so-so, but the staff doesn't have an attitude, they just aren't into serving.  And I'm not a vegan, but the food is so good that a carnivore like me doesn't even care. The menu is also huge.  \n\nFor those of you looking for an ATM- there's one a half block away if you just exit, go left and cross the street to the corer convenience store.\n\nI could always find a table and spread out with my books. Comfy, young, hip, worth it.  I wish they had alcohol.\n\nTry it!	3 star
	It's good when they are on, but they are so inconsistent you never know what you are going to get.  The coffee machine looks like it hasn't been cleaned in the last century which is off putting.  Generally, I wouldn't recommend it unless you are in the neighborhood and desperately hungry--you MIGHT catch a lucky break and be there on a good day.	1 star
	Solid Milkshakes and Falafel - block from my house	3 star
	pretty good veggie food.  I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.  French toast, tofu scramble, museli, salads, sandwiches, lasagna.  They have a pretty decent variety.	2 star
	Well, I think Heidi S. pretty much covered all of the bases here. The lemon-ginger tea that I ordered was weak, perhaps not steeped hot enough? The hummus, wow, definitely the worst; tasted like paste. Yuck with a capital whY. I considered giving two stars because the service and atmosphere were pleasant, but since I do not plan to return, I guess methinks not.	0 star
	We go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. It's veggie diner food at it's best (at least in my opinion). My bf is a meat & potatoes man but he absolutely loves the breakfast  Homefries with tofu instead of eggs. The waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive. This establishment is best described as a greasy spoon for vegans and vegetarians so if you go in expecting gourmet, you may find yourself disappointed.\n\nOn cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!	3 star
	Aw it's places like this that make me love Pittsburgh. Its hodge podge decor and hipster crowd are what drew me here in the first place, but turns out the food and coffee is pretty decent even delicious. Since it's far from where I live I don't get to come here half as often as I'd like but I'm always pleased when I do. \n\nSuch cute boys.	3 star
	The menu looks awesome and the dish concepts are good except everything that comes out is disappointingly bland. Thank god there were bottles of hot sauce and salt on the table. The best part of the meal was the peanut butter chocolate milk shake. The burger and \"spicy\" Cajun soup were very mediocre.	1 star
	I'm a vegetarian and have lived behind the restaurant for over 3 years. Every time I have ever gone, the service is awful. It's as if they're doing you a favor by waiting on you. I think their breakfasts are pretty good and their lentil loaf is good but usually your sides consist of yellow nacho chips with brown jalopeno slaw. Also, the cooks look like they are lacking hygeine. the one great thing about this place is their coffee, and that's it.	0 star
	Quiet storm is a really cool vegetarian restaurant. The time I was there the service was fine and the food was unique. Their menu is a limited on the weekdays, your best bet is one of their many quesadillas.\n\nI'm not as concerned about the preservation of vibe and atmosphere, as long as the food still tastes good. I was in love with the pierogidilla and happy to leave the table feeling full without having any meat.\n\nI wrote a review of Quiet Storm on my web site, Binge! http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/07/07/ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield/	3 star
	We stopped by Quiet Storm for a late lunch while on vacation in Pittsburgh.  The food was excellent.  I had the cheese steak and my husband had a peanut tofu wrap, both were served with chips.  Everything was great.  If I had any complaint it would be that I didn't see on the menu that my cheese steak had mayo on it.  I'm not a big fan of it, so had I see that I would have asked for it without.  Other then that great place!	2 star
	Daniel Fast friendly restaurant with good food. Stopped for an early supper before Saturday night church service after searching Yelp for vegan restaurant options. Food was good, service was good, price was very reasonable. Think I just found a new Saturday evening supper spot.	2 star
	Why do vegetarian restaurants think we need \"fake\" meat, this I do not understand.  I had a primavera sandwich which was just ok, but the patty on the roll was just as perplexing as the \"mystery meat\" you get in your elementary school cafeteria. My sandwich came with a boring pasta salad and some tortilla chips out of a bag.  Otherwise the atmosphere was fun, and the wifi was free if you ask for the password.	1 star
	Yes, it is reasonably priced.  Yes, my food was tasty (6 on a scale of 1-10).  However, the place did not look clean to me--I won't be back because of that.	0 star
	My husband and I stopped going here, back in 2010, because of the bad service we were receiving. We used to call the servers \"Whole Foods Rejects\"; they were always cranky and we felt not welcomed, rushed. At the end of 2011, I think they got a new manager, the service has been optimal and we haven't stopped going since. Their food is delicious as well as their drinks and coffee.	4 star
	Worst tofu scramble ever. Days old, cold, hard, inedible.  Sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish. I can't even believe that the server, let alone the  \"chef\" thought it appropriate to serve. \n\nBrought my 2 year old along, had to get a high chair, I'm able to do this just would have been nice if asked by server if we needed one.	0 star
	Nothing matches in this place! The tables, the chairs, the tiles and that's how we like it! Lots of delicious vegan items. Definitely a good place to try new things. Good coffee too!	4 star
	I've found the service here to be pretty terrible. Servers can be pretty careless about taking care of simple things and my friends have had similar experiences. The food is really pretty good, but if the overall service sucks, then well, it makes it hard to enjoy a tasty meal. Sorry Storm, you need to improve this.	1 star
	Great cafe for brunch and coffee. Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere. Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods. Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal. If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.	3 star
	Andrew here said it best: \"...  food served by workers who mostly don't seem to notice they're working, and when they do, only respond snarkily.\"\n\nIt took me 40 minutes to get a sandwich here, and when I complained I didn't get an apology, just a snarky remark \"well you can see we have a small kitchen\"	1 star
	Delicious!! Not a vegetarian, but this place might convince me to switch over. Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF. Excellent coffee too.	3 star
	My favorite for Pt. Breeze/Pittsburgh East End. Flat New York style, not greasy, timely delivery, they know my orders!	4 star
	Great pizza, reasonable prices, fast service - cant ask for much more!	4 star
	This Valentines Day I ordered a pizza for my boyfriend and asked that they make a heart on it out of green peppers. The pizza was great, the heart was perfect, and he loved it!	4 star
	By far my favorite Pizza place in the east end.  The buffalo chicken pizza here is fantastic, and very unique.  I haven't been able to find anything even remotely approaches it in other cities.  \n\nThe place is a bit pricey, but I feel its worth it.  My go to pizza delivery place!	4 star
	I called for a delivery of a pepperoni pizza, large. Very simple since I was in the mood for it. The delivery and the time taken were exceptional. Very fast, very good delivery service. \n\nThe down side is the pizza. It was hot and fresh, but the flavor was just OK. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst. It was just OK.\n\nIf you do find that you like your pizza and need a quick delivery, you can't go wrong here. Other than that you may want to look elsewhere.	2 star
	For $10 you can get an 8 inch sub and a GIANT slice of pizza. Needless to say, this has become my favorite place to order dinner from.	3 star
	DO NOT ORDER THE HOT WINGS!! If you enjoy eating hot sauce flavored gravy paste, then by all means these are the wings for you. If not, stay away. My boyfriend and i each ate one and couldn't even finish the rest of our dinner. Don't waste your money!	1 star
	Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...	1 star
	I've really enjoyed their pizza so far. I also ordered a chicken salad and it was tasty for a pizza take out place, nothing too fancy. I have only had the food at this place by delivery and it has always come before and hour has passed. The pizza always comes warm and ready to eat. Nothing to complain about. I did give it only 4 stars because there are a couple of other places that serve homemade ranch on the side which makes the pizza taste even extra delicious.	3 star
	The food and customer service from this restaurant are really top notch.  I am continually impressed with how fast the delivery is and how likeable the drivers are.\n\nThe pizzas here are excellent as long as you don't get the \"crab meat\" topping (I should have expected gross imitation crab meat since we're so far from the coast).\n\nThe breadsticks, jalapeno poppers, and wings are also delicious.\n\nSome of the best pizza in Pennsylvania.	3 star
	I was pretty disappointed with this place. I thought from the good reviews that the pizza would taste okay. I went here around 12am on a Friday so maybe their ingredients weren't as fresh. I ordered a medium veggie pizza with a side of fries. The fries were super soggy and the pizza was pretty flavorless. There are only about 2 seats inside so you pretty much have to take it to go which was fine with me. \n\nThe people working there are really nice though which is a plus. Overall, i wouldn't go back.	0 star
	All around delicious pizza, hoagie, apps place.  Always good. Consistent.  Can vouch for any pizza, Italian hoagie, jalape\u00f1o poppers and fried mushrooms. All good.  Do yourself a favor and order perfecta.	3 star
	There is nothing better than a neighborhood market, and Frick Park Market fits the bill. Come here for grocery staples, a great homemade sandwich (get the breakfast sandwich, any of them!), or just to hang out. The owner will be there & is happy to talk to you.\n\nThe best part about the market, though, is when the kids get off school & come into the store for candy & soda. You can tell that the business is connected to the neighborhood and that everyone gets along. Pittsburgh treasure!	4 star
	anything you need you can find it at the market :)	4 star
	I like this place; it single-handedly made me hate Pittsburgh just a little less.  In fact, this would be an easy 5 stars if it wasn't in Pittsburgh and therefore emblazoned with all manner of Steelers propaganda, and as a Browns fan I...I just can't do it.  I'm sorry.  The sandwiches were good and prepared with genuine care and attention to detail, the people were friendly and the prices reasonable.  Get the soft pretzels, toss 'em in the microwave and eat them with mustard.	3 star
	This is a good co-op, with a generous selection for it's smallish size. Prices are better here than in some co-ops I've shopped at. Competitive with the big boxes, as far as I can tell. I have tried some hot-bar/cafe items and quite liked them. The java jolt smoothie is amazing, as is the lemon pepper tofu sandwich!\n\nIf you can judge a town by its co-op, which I am prone to do, Pittsburgh proves to be a decent place to be a conscientious vegetarian shopper.	3 star
	Kind of small, but I've had excellent luck with produce here: fresh and organic. In-store coffee bar is a nice plus.	3 star
	Lots of great vegan, local, organic, gluten-free, and/or raw food, though some items are quite pricey. Very good rotating-item hot bar for take-out lunch or dinner. Great bulk food selection, including diverse reusable glassware of known tare weight. Fresh fruits and vegetables are right-priced, but processed items like meats, cheeses, and frozen items can be surprisingly expensive. Fairly comprehensive selection, akin to a Whole Foods.	3 star
	Just moved here from Baltimore and ran across this place.  Love it!  Watch yourself at the hot bar.  There's no scale (should be).  Your mea l(of veggies, tofu and kale) could end up costing $20 easily.  I usually grab a hot meal and play on my computer 1-2 hours.  Love the carrott juice with ginger YUM!  A small is $4.30 ouch!  Just found out they won't charge you for bags if you bring your own....COOL!	3 star
	I just found this place a month back and I'm kind of blown away by how awesome it is. Fresh produce, awesome prepared salads and dips, bulk everything, natural cleaners, and plenty of hippie garbage you can't help but fill your shelves with. The best part is that they try to stock up with locally sourced produce, milk, and meat. And you can get a good discount if you purchase stock in the co-op.	4 star
	I was visiting Pittsburgh and looking for a throat spray called Singers Saving Grace. Whole Foods didn't have the item in stock but East End Co-Op did! Also, had a smoothie while a shopped. \n\nWhat a great find!	4 star
	I have been going to CJ since it opened. I try to go once a week. I have received some good deals there, but in the past couple years, the prices seem to be higher than they should be for used / overstock items. I find myself buying less items than I used to. I think if the prices were more reasonable, they would sell more.\nA new \"reuse\" store has opened in the area nearby. They have more reasonble prices and thier building is heated.	2 star
	12/1/13 got 3 bifold doors for 25 bucks, hard to find antique heater vent cover 10 , outdoor sensor light 4, ------------they have hard to find or odd size vintage/antique everything.  floor trim, paint,  staircase rails, bathroom sinks, counter tops, doors, windows, carpet tiles $1 , tiles back splash, furniture, misc hardware, door knobs, hinges,  some church pew benches large closet safe, front doors, door knobs, open 9-5 daily sunday 10-5-------off n braddock  - past regent square on a side street	4 star
	The blonde woman who tuns the gym was extremely rude to us. First time we went she refused yo.get off the phone on a personal call to help us. Then she gave us the rules for the bouldering area in a rapid bored monotone. Compared to other climbing gyms I have gone to this gym is less safe (no gri-gris), unfriendly, and more expensive. Definitely not worth it. Worst customer service I've seen in a while.	0 star
	Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love. It reminds me of the days when I lived in Denver. I miss it! The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better. Staff has always been awesome. People there help give pointers. It does get pretty crowded sometimes, especially on Friday nights. I'd say they are almost in need of an expansion! Keep up the good work, Climbing Wall. I'll be seeing you a lot for the next year :)	4 star
	I've been climbing for a few years but have friends who have never climbed. This place has lots of climbs at all different levels so my friends and I can enjoy climbing here together.  Plus they have instructional classes if you want to learn more. It has a great atmosphere - a great place to hang out with friends or meet new people. The staff are amazing! Very nice and very helpful. The prices are very reasonable, lower than any other gym I have climbed in (and I have climbed in lots of facilities). I definitely recommend climbing here.	4 star
	I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours. Otherwise, they make a nice effort to change their routes relatively often.	3 star
	Dirty slick holds. Hate the fact I can't move mats. Some problems were fun, some were awful. The staff is very unfriendly. Unless you're part if the clique no one will talk to you.	2 star
	Sub-par setting quality, infrequent wall resetting, inconsistent grading, poor climate control, poor air quality (no chalk filter), silly rule where they make everyone wear paper wristbands before entry. + 1 star because they are finally installing air conditioning.	1 star
	Don't go. I got more problems and sounds on my car after I spent $800 there. unbelievable!	0 star
	This place is looking to make money and rip you off.  The door of my car had a dent in it for over three years when I took it here for my annual inspection.  Never before did anywhere else have a problem with it, but this place said they would not pass it.  Weird how it passed inspection 3 times already with no other place mentioning the door being a problem.  Never giving this place any business again, I went to a different Meineke in Homestead where they are helpful and work with you.	0 star
	Lamb burger was outright bad(tasted off and charred). We shared and together only ate half. The filet was decent but not $25 worth of decent. Waiter was kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wasn't that good. There are lots of great byo's in the city and in my opinion, this isn't one of them.	1 star
	I've eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people, I was totally disappointed with the service, food, and the place itself, I will not be headed back......ever\nSave your money, or starve either would be a better option	0 star
	Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.	3 star
	My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.	0 star
	Recently dined here for the first time and can say that I was pleased with all of the food choices we had made at this establishment. The cold prickly pear soup was certainly a good choice of appetizer. The service was acceptable and the staff very welcoming. The only downside to this place is the atmosphere. It can get extremely loud at times (especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation.	2 star
	The grounds are very nice here, but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars. I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place. Definitely makes it worth checking out. However. The location is a bit wacky. It's right outside of Wilkinsburg, which isn't a place to visit at all. But still, it is nice enough to check out. Especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe.	3 star
	It's free, and the car & carriage museum has a Rolls-Royce Silver Ghost.\n\nWe skipped the house tour ($10), the cafe, and the art museum.   It was still worth visiting just for the old cars.	2 star
	A delightful (and free?) way to spend the afternoon. The grounds are beautiful, and the architecture is great, and the nearby Frick Park is a wonderful walk. It is quite a gem in the middle of this city. Didn't tour the Clayton (reservation needed), so can't comment on that building.	3 star
	An often overlooked gem in the heart of Pittsburghs most beautiful neighborhood.\n\nThe Frick is essentially 5 small sights in one. \n\nThe grounds.  Nice 5 acre area that is well maintained giving a park like atmosphere.\n\nThe greenhouse. Lovely little greenhouse you can walk through.\n\nThe car museum is neat but currently closed for 18 months.  An early electric and steam car are the highlights.  Lots of olds rolls royces.\n\nThe cafe. Food.\n\nThe Clayton house.  12 dollar tour worth every penny.  The house tour takes about one hour and really is fascinating.  Not a huge mansion.\n\n\nAll in all just a nice place.	4 star
	Emailed and called several times to get a pricing on having several services done at once as a graduation present to myself. I was put on hold twice and never picked back up. Emails went unanswered.  :(\n\nI was going to have SO MUCH done, too!! Hair cut, color with highlights, spa manicure/pedicure and an hour massage! All as a graduation present to myself but if they can't be attentive to prospective customers then I can't imagine that they'd be attentive in the store. I'll spend my money elsewhere!	0 star
	A	0 star
	The best place for an artic swirl. :)	4 star
	Damn good ice cream.  \n\nI love a great generational dining experience, my grandma took me here when I was a little girl and this past weekend I got to share the experience with my boyfriend his mom and nephews.\n\nI ordered a traditional banana split, but really I wanted to have one of everything on the menu. \n\nThe strawberries are real strawberries!!! That alone sets Page Dairy Mart a part from the rest.	3 star
	Great ice-cream at a reasonable price. I love their chocolate banana milkshake.	4 star
	Get a Southside Shake with hot fudge shake and peanut butter sundae on top - absolutely amazing!	4 star
	The best soft serve I have ever had. Some flavors are better than others. Of the mint chocolate chip, toasted coconut, and pistachio that I tried last night (what can I say, I was hungry) the toasted coconut was the best. It has real pieces of toasted coconut.\n\nA very good value for your money.\n\nDon't expect to find any seating here.	3 star
	I have had lots of items off of their large menu and everything has been good.	4 star
	Mmmmm. Their Egg drop soup is sooo good as is the General Tso's, and they deliver FAST!	3 star
	Horrible - they use chicken that's been out uncover all day . And they smoke around the food.:(	0 star
	The food is unforgettable, but unfortunately so is the bill.  Sicilian themed with fresh ingredients in an intimate setting all prepared in an open kitchen.\n\nAsk before you order a special, or you might be stunned when you are handed the check. But if you love food and money is no object, this is your place. A great place for Valentine's day or a special anniversary splurge, with the emphasis on the word 'splurge'.	3 star
	Always fantastic.	4 star
	The menu online gives no prices, and the entrees are ridiculously overpriced for what you get - a good meal, but far too much food, and nothing extraordinary. The entrees are $50 - $60. BE WARNED - if you want atmosphere to go with your $60 entree, you'd better REQUEST DOWNSTAIRS! Otherwise you can have your anniversary dinner in a small room in front of large televisions. Who knew? And the staff will definitely not accommodate your request for a more romantic spot - even if they know it is your tenth anniversary! Wow. Should have walked out.	0 star
	Incredible Italian food. Mushroom appetizer is just phenomenal. So is the mozzarella cheese. Great fish. Expensive but worth it!	4 star
	No better in taste than a Fazoli or even an Olive Garden.  Inflated prices, like the cheapest entree was $40, try to disguise this place as something it is not.  Went with a group of co workers, so we pretty much got everything on the menu and not one thing stuck out really good.  Service is incredibly slow.  Not worth it at all.  Even if you tell yourself that atleast the portions are large, the food is just not good enough to warrant wasting a meal eating there.	0 star
	Fabulous!	4 star
	good food, we had the bean appetizer, seafood diablo, and the flounder...It is expensive but well worth the money, classic.	4 star
	Seated in the bar after having made reservations a week in advance. That, paired with a mediocre menu and overall experience, gives this two stars. Save your money and stay in town. I would probably send you to the (gasp) Olive Garden before I referred you here.	1 star
	Just recently returned. PHENOMENAL meal! Glenn our waiter was superb. Loved the veal dishes.  I also enjoyed the new cocktail menu. One of the drinks was iced coffee with orangicello and frangelica cream. DELICIOUS!	4 star
	Love it here. The food was great and had anazing service. Will be back again! Everyone was so poliet and greeted us with a smile.	3 star
	Well, the delivery was fast at least. Everything else was yucky. Avoid!	1 star
	If it wasn't for how fast and affordable the place is It would have no stars at all. I got a fill and a fix because I broke a nail. First off they didn't cut down my nails so now they are obnoxiously long. Second off they are so thin I feel like they are just going to crack off.  Not to mention it seems very dirty.. I was very uncomfortable the whole time I was there. One of the nail techs was constantly hitting on me. I will not be returning again.	1 star
	It's pretty average Chinese food. Their egg rolls and dumplings were decent enough as was the Hawaii Five O dish I had was ok too. The service is a little slow as well.	2 star
	Had chicken salad. Was good but very pricey. Their pizza is about 20-30% more expensive than any comparable pizza in the area. And since the pizza is just mediocre it is definitely not a good value so I'll pass!	1 star
	Yesterday I had the misfortune of getting a pizza from Bishops. It was my first time getting a pizza from there in a long time. Needless to say. I won't be getting one again. I got a pepperoni and sausage pizza. The pizza was bland , tasteless. Crust tasted like frozen pizza crust. The sauce was meh. Cheese was okay. Sausage was disgusting. Bishops used to use a delicious hot sausage. I don't know what this sausage was other then disgusting. I don't recommend getting a pizza from Bishops	0 star
	The customer service is absolutely horrible. They made me wait an hour before anybody got to me, and there were 3 available beauticians in the back. I complained and got waited on right away. I thought the customer always came first. Why would they want to risk a customer not coming back. I mean I can just go down the road to Borics. These women are old middle aged miserable employees with no passion for their jobs. I won't be back. DISAPPOINTED...:(	0 star
	Open 24hrs on Friday and Saturday how can you not love it. Total old school mom and pop diner. Wouldn't recommend anything other than breakfast. On top of everything else it cost nickels and dimes to eat here. After you've blown all your money at a bar in southside you'll still have enough to eat away some of your drunkness on the way home.	3 star
	I usually love this place but it's gone bad. Went to one in wv the other day and it was good. I think different owners. My beef this one is the cheese. Very pour quality. Bread and sauce still good though.	2 star
	It has rebounded from when it closed in 08 and now does some veg stuff along with the bar food. I'd still much rather eat up the street at Max's though.\n\nThat said the clientele is nice/colorful & im glad it's reopened.	2 star
	I love this place.  They'll all know your name after the second or third visit and people tend to be very welcoming and open without being too \"Cheers-y\"\n\nFood is above average for a bar, especially the Middle Eastern selections.	3 star
	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.	4 star
	Went my first time for Thursday karaoke and had a blast!  They serve mediterranean fare; at least half the menu is vegetarian/easily vegan.  There are at least 2 bike racks outside, cars have decent options too.  At 10pm an improv comedy group showed... you can imagine the energy.  Super fun night, met some cool people, ate healthy food.  Oh yes, and it's no smoking!     \n\nDownside?  It's a little pricey, but the quality is there, so... you decide.	3 star
	Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud, so you could talk with others at your table. The food and service was great. Definitely want to come back here again	4 star
	This place is like none other! Bar, yes-but so much more! Great food! Great people! It's the Pittsburgh CHEERS with a kick of Healthy! YEP-I said healthy. For example-the menu is limited, but everything is great!! How about trying the Golani Platter-veggie dish with wonderful spices! Hummus, pita, feta and an amazing spinach patty -the likes I've never had before!\n\nLove it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it. You won't be disappointed.	3 star
	Good beer, Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus.	2 star
	I had heard a lot about their food and decided to check it out one night after purchasing a Groupon. This review is strictly for the food. It was not good. The hummus was okay, and our main plate seemed to be microwaved. \n\nThe bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere, I'd probably rate this 3.5 stars. For dinner, not that great.	1 star
	Up-charges most of their products that you can find on B&H for way less money. Sales person treated me like I was a very inexperienced. Not a bad place if you're in need of camera gear without a moments notice, but overall definitely order offline.	1 star
	Just stopped in to see about selling my Canon Rebel T3 to buy a 60D (that they don't have in stock because it's \"old\"). I was offered $50 for my T3, that is currently being sold online for over $300. I asked why such a low price and was told that since it was an older model it wasn't worth as much. Needless to say, I walked out with my T3. Sucks that this is the ONLY camera shop in Pittsburgh.	0 star
	Real german food (sausage, etc) and decent beer in family friendly atmosphere.\n\nThis is one of the good joints.	3 star
	I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!\n\nFood was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!	0 star
	Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas, asparagus, and red peppers.... to the point that they were losing their color. Good beer. Yes it has old photos of days gone by... but really there seemed no joy here now...	1 star
	Not only does this place have a very nice atmosphere, the food is good (and cheap) too!\nFor under 10 dollars a person we each got:\n-A drink\n-A Bradtwurst sausage\n-2 giant potato pancakes, served with sourcream (note that these are NOT latkes)\n-A huge bowl of saurkraut, which also contained some pork and cranberries.\nDelicious home-baked bread, which was served with some saurkraut (prepared differently than the side) and apple-butter sauce.\n\nYUM!\n\nIt's hard not to like this place. I'm still having cravings for those pancakes :(	4 star
	Great atmosphere of a neighborhood pub, good German beer selection, but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was, well, not tradidional German Spaetzle.  Schnitzel and purple cabbage  were the high points, but then again, it's hard to screw up a fried veal cutlet.	1 star
	I really like this Northside institution.  They serve the beer in jars and I had Spaten German beer- very good.  They put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease sticks to your fingers.  In the bar they have an old fashioned player piano.  I really like the German fare- big portions. The schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than Hofbrauhaus and not Disney- it's the real McCoy.	3 star
	A Pittsburgh tradition.  Try the Cheese stuffed pretzel appetizer, Count Esterhazy Schnitzel, and Apple Strudel (of course) for dessert.  Yum	4 star
	The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.	2 star
	I have been going to Max's for 20 years.  I love this place.  The Einlauf soup is just simple good eats, but if you're ever there when the soup special is beer cheese - ORDER IT!!.  I love their potato pancakes, sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.  The waitresses have been there for years, they are the best!  Most delicious long island iced tea in the city.	4 star
	This is my favorite restaurant on the Northside, possibly favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh.  I tell all my friends that this little restaurant is the best kept secret in Pittsburgh.  Max's is a quaint little German place that always has plenty of seating, even on Friday and Saturday nights.  The service is good.  The food is great, I always end up getting the potato pancakes.  If you are looking for a place to check out that isn't going to be as crowded and will be more \"authentic\" German food than other places you should definitely come to Max's!	4 star
	Excellent German food.  I went in for an early lunch, the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle, with caraway.  Sweet and sour cabbage, potato salad, spaetzle, a great weisswurst, and a great wheat beer on tap.	4 star
	been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!	3 star
	What to eat for dinner? Hmmm, a nearby German restaurant sounds good (and it was). There's nothing extraordinary to get into detail about so:\n\n1 star for free street parking\n1 star for ample seating/tables\n1 star for friendly service\n1 star for a very good meal\n\nSimple, yet effective. Danke.	3 star
	The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great, very friendly and attentive.	2 star
	My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL, be warned!	0 star
	This is americanized German food.  For real German food, go to Hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel.	2 star
	I ordered the Roast Pork loin with Apple raisin dressing, sauerkraut, and German potatoes. Oh yeah... Right Choice! Took a little longer than usual as there was a Large Party of 16 that ordered Just prior to us. Happy to say the waitress took Great care of us, plenty of rolls, drink refills, etc. as we waited. Apple Strudel for the Final Act. So Good, I forgot to take a picture. lol	3 star
	I really like this place. It has a neat atmosphere where the entrance has a nice bar and then there are a few other rooms that have the feeling of a living room or dining room. I really enjoy their brunches, but their pretzels are amazing. The one thing I don't like, which is a bit disappointing, is their potato pancakes. They are a little lumpy and not quite fried enough. With that said, it is definitely worth the visit.	3 star
	Tremendous selection of German dishes.  All the sausages come from a particular manufacturer in Wisconsin that uses 100 year old methods of making them (according to the menu).  I don't know if that's a good thing or not, but they taste terrific.  \n\nThe options for sides are as plentiful as the moan dishes and the hot bacon potato salad was awesome.  \n\nDefinitely recommend giving this a try.	4 star
	Max's is great. It feels like your German grandmothers house and the service matches this feeling. The food is authentic and inexpensive. If you are not too familiar with German food, just ask and the waitress will walk you though the favorites.\n\nI love the sausages and the stuffed pretzels are amazing, but the Apple Fritter is the greatest thing ever.	4 star
	This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great, but the food used to be so much better.	1 star
	Man, I just love this place.  Pennsylvanian German for sure. Some peeps don't know the Difference. If you want real Pennsylvanian German food, then this is your place. This is the kind of food that my grandmother cooked up in Erie, and my uncle sells at the butcher shop in Girard.  Go in the off hours; cause the bar is packed at lunch and late. Also go ahead and put a coin in the machine! You'll see. It pisses the bar crowd off temporarily but so worth it!	4 star
	This place is awesome.  Authentic, home-made German food that is extra delicious.  Really neat place too!  Potato Pancakes are delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  I would take out of town people here instead of Church Brew any day.	3 star
	Our first stop in Pittsburgh, what a great start! Had a couple of yuenglings, a warm, salty yummy soft pretzel and a big ole plate of German goodness in da tummy!\n\nThe Peasant Platter had knock wurst, weisswurst and a pork chop on top of heap of sauerkraut...with potato pancakes, spaetzel and a basket of baked breads!  So.much.food.  And oh soooo good!\n\nThe bar is cool, staff is really nice and I believe they offer their patrons a free ride to and from on game days!	3 star
	I love this place.  The atmosphere, the bartenders, the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event.	4 star
	The old arcade game was excellent and only a few quarters to play.\nDrinks nice enough .\nBartenders were really nice.\n NIce enough place.	2 star
	I work on the North Side and went for a walk to find something new for lunch.  I am quickly growing tired of Eco Bistro directly downstairs from my office at Allegheny Center.\n\nAt any rate, came across this place at the corner of Ohio and the onramp to 279.  The lunch special was inexpensive and grabbed a soda for about $6 in all.  I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was prepared to order.  Tasty, cheap, fast.  I ate inside - there are only a handful of tables in this place and it's decently clean.	2 star
	You really need to try's this place. Great sandwiches, a hot dog/sausage cart, and friendly service!	4 star
	We've stayed here twice during recent trips to Pittsburgh, and while the city itself is a bit hit and miss, the Priory is always comfortable and welcoming. A great place to escape after a long drive or a stressful drive around the maze of roads and traffic that make up Pittsburgh.\n\nEach room is pretty unique and always well appointed and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful with whatever you might need and it's an easy drive to most of the attractions around town.	4 star
	Great european style boutique hotel.  You can not beat this hotel for the money!	4 star
	Was at a beautiful wedding.  Staff was terrible, unpleasant, and the two slobs at the front desk need to be in the back with their people skills.  Nice hotel but make sure you take some warm bodies with you because the \"people\" at the priory are cold, miserable and just plain miserable. I get better guest service at Holiday Inn	0 star
	booked through a third party site and they tried to stick us in a queen room even though they had plenty of kings available. definitely gave attitude about it but \"upgraded\" anyway. he wanted to charge me the difference but I refused. just bad service overall. no one to help with bags morning or night. even the day front desk person was short with us and rude. I couldn't wait to get out of there. the room was clean and charming. the area is definitely rough. I wouldn't stay here again.	1 star
	Awesome fast pizza	4 star
	We didn't order directly from them, so I'm not ranking any lower than three stars.\n\nHOWEVER, our wedding catering sourced their bread from Breadworks and it was quite unimpressive.  In fact, many of our guests identified it as the one thing they would have changed about our meal...\n\nNot sure if it was because our reception was on a Saturday and maybe the hotel only takes deliveries on weekdays or something, but it just wasn't fresh-tasting and certainly wasn't on-par with say, Mancini's.	2 star
	Breadworks has great bread although I usually only buy it in the summer because I make my own bread. I am rating it 4 stars and not 5 for one thing, the focaccia. They now stick it in pizza box and you can't see what your getting. The last 2 times I got it, the bread was burnt. At the price of this bread it shouldn't be burnt and it never was when you could see it before you got it home. I think I will stick to what I can see.	3 star
	Good neighborhood bar/restaurant. Always good food. Never got sick, or anyone I was with get sick. Have been there with another person upto party's of 10. Always friendly staff. Usually goto Billy's once a month, maybe more. Living right on top of the hill from Billy's, we are regulars there!	4 star
	I visited both the art and natural history museums last weekend. I majorly bummed that the large dinosaur exhibit was under refurbishment. Most of the rest of the museum is a large taxidermy exhibit - not my thing.\n\nIn addition, the art museum, although nice, did not live up to the \"major impressionist collection\" rep it has. Maybe I'm just spoiled with Philly museums, but this one was a bit of a disappointment. Major thumbs down to the museum for not notifying visitors ahead of time that the statue room was shut down for a private function during the day.	2 star
	The staff were incredible and very helpful.\nDinosaurs!\nGicometti!\nCarnegie International 2013 was trip! And to see CI from previous years...it was like a hot party that all the great ones are invited to!	3 star
	In response to the response I received from the Museum rep, I called and left a message and never received a reply as of yet, but you reponded on Yelp. This week is the 3rd week. your response stated that my refund was sent this week, if you are speaking about this current week, today is the 14th, monday and the week has just begun. If you are talking about last week, can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you.	0 star
	Estimated delivery time 45 minutes actually delivery time 120 minutes.\n\nPizza Hut , a pizza of last resort.	0 star
	Small, overcrowded, unfriendly staff.\n\nThe food is okay - typical Italian fair that could be better seasoned. \n\nThere are much better options nearby, but in a pinch, it's decent.	1 star
	This is our favorite restaurant, bar none. The food is terrific, the service is top notch, they remember our names and it always feels special when we dine there. I've never had a pasta special I didn't adore. \n\nI truly feel like they are happy to see us when we come in the door and go to extra pains to treat us well and we are just an average couple who aren't spending hundreds. That doesn't matter - we are their customers. \n\nWe've been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurants.	4 star
	Service is friendly and quick! Everything comes at a timely manner and all the food is fairly priced. Although it's a little small, it's really amazing! The pasta is incredible!	4 star
	I have been here several times and always have a great experience! The food is always delicious, the staff is super friendly, and there are plenty of different dishes to choose from. The desserts are particularly great! The apple pie is delicious :)	4 star
	This is a really small restaurant and is BYOB. The servers are friendly and the food was good. I ordered two appetizers (small plates) which were very good - greens and beans and then muscles. The flavours were both good, but the muscles were served with multiple closed shells which for the small portion was a negative. I don't have much to say about this experience....It was just a-ok.	2 star
	After reading some peoples reviews I wasn't sure of this place. My boyfriend and I decided to go anyways. All I can say is, wow you people don't know food if you left a negative remark! Our food was phenomenal. The service was phenomenal. No it isn't a super fancy place, but the food is incredible and very reasonably priced. Our $56 dinner was worth every penny. I had a special, he had ravioli's and we split a desert. Amazing little place that I will 100% go to again.	4 star
	If I could give this restaurant a zero, I would. We were just asked by our waitress to leave because someone with a reservation was waiting for our table. My father and father-in-law were still finishing up their coffee and we had not yet finished our dessert! I've never been so humiliated. Do NOT go to this restaurant!\nTheir food was mediocre at best. If you want excellent Italian in a small intimate restaurant, go to Dish on the South Side. I will not be going back.	0 star
	Caruso's is the best place to buy beer (and pop and snacks and smokes) on the northside by far. Hidden in its original spot in the Mexican War Streets, Caruso's is a home away from home. He has a wide range, from cheep crap to really really good stuff. If you don't see it he will try to get it in. You can go and just hang if you want as well. Dogs welcome. Family owned since 1930 and Sam has been there for 40 years. Do yourself a favor and stop by.	4 star
	Awful.  I didn't know how bad it was until I went to a different GE and saw how good it could be.  The lines are long, the produce selection is minimal, and the store is overcrowded.\n\nThe last straw was yesterday when the cashier blew her nose, stuck kleenex up her nose, then put it back in her pocket and continued to scan groceries.  When I complained to the manager, they denied any of their employees were sick.\n\nI'm done shopping at this store.	0 star
	Awful.  Worst grocery store I've ever been to.  To make it worse, they are supposed to open at 7.  At 7:10, I was told they were \"still getting ready to open\" and I should come back \"around 7:30\"	0 star
	The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger	0 star
	So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!	0 star
	It wasn't as horrid as the reviews would lead you to think. Just don't expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine.	2 star
	I hate to agree with the other poor reviews of this branch, but this is definitely far from the best Eagle in the city. I'll say upfront that I never felt unsafe the three times that I have been here. However, the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor. The lines are always long and take forever to get through. Furthermore, the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par. I'd recommend stopping in another Giant Eagle if you can. However, this location DOES have a Redbox, which is nice.	1 star
	Why all the hate for this Giant Eagle? Sure it's not in the ritzy part of town but they have everything all the other Giant Eagles have. I've never gone here and not found what I needed. Don't be scared of people just because they are different than you. This Giant Eagle gets the job done and is fine by me! BTW the charmingly ghetto picture is hilarious and we'll fitting! Bravo!	2 star
	The problem with this dry cleaner is poor counter service.  I have never been treated in such a poor manner - and the sad part is that this SERVICE provider doesn't care.  I recommend going elsewhere.  They are not worth my money.	0 star
	Our bartender didn't know what a pint was or how to pour a beer	0 star
	Four stars - not because the facility itself is stellar, it certainly needs updates and could use more space - but the staff was so friendly and helpful! The atmosphere was inviting and communal, really nice to see a Y that is still a full mission where men can stay and get on their feet. And art classes! And dodgeball! And I had a great workout in the gym.	3 star
	Awesome spot to grab a dog for a buck. Nothing fancy, must standard ingredients and friendly service.	4 star
	Best place in the city to get a dog	3 star
	Classic North Side staple.  The food is made to order, the service is fast, and the staff is great.  My stand order is hot dog with onions and a side of fries.  But the grilled cheese is also exceptional.  The lunch line can be unreal, so I usually just stop for dinner on my way home from work.\n\nCASH ONLY.	4 star
	Ugh, I hate this place.  People from work drag me here to lunch more often than I would like.  The food is overpriced.  The service is snotty and slow.  I can barely get free in under an hour-and-a-half.  The food is forgettable and the menu sparse.  They're terrible for pick-up too - even when you call way ahead, you're made to wait, and they're surly about taking care of you when you arrive for your food.  You can do better for lunch on the northshore pretty much anywhere.  Try SoHo or Finnegan's instead.	0 star
	The food is acceptable. They have a pretty wide range, but narrow the menu on Pirates game days. I tried the seared ahi tuna. It was good, but nothing memorable. The location appears to be the best thing about the place. Sitting outside on a warm evening, looking at the city skyline and seeing people walk around before a Pirates game is an interested dinner experience. But don't go for the menu.	1 star
	I think the low marks for this place are unwarranted. Quality of food at this location is every bit as good as the other Atria's around town. Pot roast nachos are out of this world!	3 star
	Located right next to PNC Park, so is a decent place to get a beer and some grub prior to game day. That and outdoor seating are main perks. Otherwise, food and prices are not worth a stop. This place will fill up on game day, but should be avoided when the Pirates aren't in town. It isn't a BAD experience. If you are siting outside and you have a view of Pittsburgh, it can't be that bad.	1 star
	I came here with a party of 40 very hungry Pitt students. The food was amazing. We had roasted beef, chicken, and pasta. The management was lovely and really involved during any party issues. The staff was also very kind and able to keep everyone's glass full, despite our camel like drinking habits. Thank you!	4 star
	Here before Bucs VICTORY OVER THE CARDS in game 3 of the NLDS, a Sunday. Game at 4:30, got here at 2:30. Packed both inside and out. Can't comment on any other time but this really hectic one. \n\nOrdered Pepsi and brisket nachos. AWFUL. Soggy chips, some shredded beef drenched in sweet generic BBQ sauce, a blanket of cold congealed cheese spotted with jalape\u00f1o slices. Not a degree above room temp. \n\nWill give them 1 star for tasty Pepsi and keeping it filled.	0 star
	Came in late night during Light the Night, just for for drinks and a snack. Service was fast, but the salad and cup of soup were disappointing. The chopped salad had weird cheap ingredients like celery and carrot. I was excited about the crab bisque, but they must have been running low and it must have been half sherry because it tasted like I was taking a shot of cheap white wine with every bite. Hope the dinner fare is better.	1 star
	I was here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself as the absolute WORST place I've ever eaten at. \n-hair in the food\n-crab cakes were touted as amazing, in reality disgusting ice cream scoops of poor crab and mayonnaise \n-\"risotto\" uncooked and congealed to plate. \n-vegetables gummy and soaked in oil. Not properly prepped and served with woody stems. \n\nI was shocked this place turns a profit	0 star
	Oh my God. They're playing the chicken dance song on their website! Bahaha!\n\nSo what is so great about this place? Mister Rogers of course! For those not in the know, Fred Rogers was from Pittsburgh, so of course there will be a great display of his world somewhere in the city. And here it is. \n\nBeyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem. Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike, another of the must see Pittsburgh sites.	4 star
	This place is amazing from top to bottom. 2 hours down we are still here.	4 star
	I love this museum! I've gone several times with friends and their children. There are so many fun things for kids to go, and so much to explore, even if you are an adult.\n\nKids seem to love the art stations where there are always a variety of crafts and items to create/construct. I love how they are always changing exhibits to stay current and keep things fun and creative for the regulars. \n\nMy favorite thing about this museum is the \"funhouse\" slide area. My nephew loves this slide and loves the anti-gravity feel when he is inside. It's too fun!	4 star
	Can't get an order right! 6 of the last 8 times we ordered they have messed it up.   I know, each time I forgive them and think they can't possibly mess up again, but they do.  Not only that, but they quote 45 minutes then take anywhere from 1-2 hours to deliver.  Wont be ordering from here again!	1 star
	was in the neighborhood on a girls weekend. this place is fantastic.  great prices, great slice.  service is a tad bit slow (since they make it to order!) but the food is worth the wait. they seemed to be doing a great take out/carry out order,  If you are in the area, stop by . . . it is totally worth it!	4 star
	I've enjoyed the pizza, salads, and hoagies we've gotten from Pickles. Delivery time was decent. Fries are really tasty, but need to be blanched, or at least punch holes in styrofoam container.	3 star
	The ribs were great with mild sauce.  The chicken with hot sauce was ok.  Hot sauce was nice and hot,  but not the greatest flavor.  Mild sauce was delicious.  Slaw wasn't very good.  Mac salad was good.  Collard greens... Well,  not for me... \n\nDefinitely worth a visit.	2 star
	We love the ribs here.  Watch out, the spicy sauce is really spicy.  The location is nice to grab something for a tailgate party.  Never disappointed, although the place looks like a dive, it's actually really really good.  I wish they still made pulled pork sandwiches, maybe someday...	3 star
	Steel Pride, baby! Always gonna love the black and gold!\n\nEvery city I have lived in has had more than one Steeler bar. Never fear, if you a fan outside the Burgh, check out: http://www.post-gazette.com/steelers/steelerbars.asp to find out where you can watch a game with the Steeler faithful.	4 star
	The Steelers are the coolest team in football. They have the best colors, city, history, most fans, etc. \n\nAnd they pretty much dominate.	4 star
	5 time Super Bowl champs.	4 star
	Being born in 1970 was about perfect. Pittsburgh was becoming the City of Champions. The Steelers will always be my favorite team. I even have the logo on my neck, under my ear :D  Mostly having this tat lets me know where the Steelers bars are in other towns, as soon as someone sees it the usually tell me.	4 star
	I didn't even like football before I moved to Pittsburgh, but that all changed when I discovered the glory of the Pittsburgh Steelers.  I came here in 2005 and got totally sucked into the march towards the 5th Super Bowl win, and I never have become uninfatuated.  Now I scream and wave the Terrible Towel around in the air with the best of 'em.   I'm crossing my fingers that we'll be the first to 6 Super Bowl wins...	4 star
	A ring for each finger and a sixth for my... \n\nother hand!  \n\nYou're dirty!\n\nGo Steelers!!!	4 star
	1 star for your cover-2 defense that lost me $100 on the Super Bowl.  I thought yall were going to shut down Fitzgerald.  You disappointed me.  Wouldn't have mattered if that Big Ben TD didn't get called back and turned into a field goal, but damn your cover-2 D that let Fitz run wild on yall.\n\nNational Fixed League on them spread busters.  Vegas owns the NFL!  Sheiiit!!!	0 star
	She's dressed in black and yellow, she says \"Hello,\ncome sit next to me you fine fellow.\"\nYou run over there without a second to lose\nAnd what comes next, Steelers bust a move!!!	4 star
	Perfect experience for this Steelers fan from Maryland. Had the walk up tour, tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match. Had a really great time :)	4 star
	Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still rock with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!	4 star
	Yay for Steelers! It's awesome that Mike Tomlin looks like Omar Epps. Also Pittsburgh food is awesome. Pierogi, pork and sauerkraut, hoagies, pizza, and stuffed cabbage rolls.	4 star
	Out of business.	0 star
	It's cathartic to give this sorry organization 1 star.\n\nNote: this is a review of the baseball club, not the stadium in which they play	0 star
	The current era which is now on a 17 seasons under .500 streak is just horrid and deserves one star at best. The '71 through '79 and the early '90s eras get 5 stars for having such cool players as Roberto Clemente, Willie Stargell and Spanky!\n\nThrow in PNC Park (with ex-Bucco Manny Sanguillen's BBQ stand), the always cool black and mustard unis (bring back the '7s retro look) and the fact one day the Lumber Company wil return (when are the Bucs going to return to scouting Latin America again?).\n\nPlus the perogy races are classic!	2 star
	I love the buccos, win or lose.  Going to the games are always a good time, and when they are on TV at the bar, I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.  Gotta love them battling bucs.  Please just let me see one round of Playoffs in Pittsburgh before I die..	3 star
	Go Pirates!!! That's all I can say. They've made me love baseball and Pittsburgh again. They're only going to get better.	4 star
	My wife and I have visited St. Anthony's Chapel three time so far and every time the experience is a moving one.  I would recommend the guided tour.  The amount of relics contained in the chapel is amazing.  If you a person of faith this is a wonderful place.	4 star
	I wouldn't pay attention to the Trib's news coverage, since it's mostly far-right propaganda. Two stars for their decent sports coverage - Mike Prisuta and Joe Starkey are worth reading.	1 star
	Although I've never had any of their other menu items except their gyro, I wish I would have gone elsewhere. Since I can only comment on their gyro; here goes... First, the meat is embroiled with fatty particles (it's fake meat or something), second; they don't include enough dressing, third; there are way, way too many onions, forth; there were only two very small slices of tomatoe, fifth; the feta cheese is not crumbled but in a patty, sixth; they just pile the stuff on top of a pita, - to be quite honest, it just tastes bad.	1 star
	I have eaten here twice. Both times I thought the food was sub-par. The first time was a birthday lunch that was lousy, but I was feeling under the weather, so I gave it another try about a year later for dinner. It was just as lousy as the lunch. My wife definitely agreed, and although we can walk there in 15 minutes, we will never eat there again.	1 star
	Ordered a lg pizza for pick up, 30-40 min wait. Went to pick up my pizza and I arrived to have no pizza at all. They told a driver must have taken by accident. The skinny, is it took an hour for a new pizza, and they offered me nothing	0 star
	Terrible. I lived about 2 blocks away - and with no other options - I still can't bring myself to order from here. Ordered twice in the last 90 days and both times it was terrible. Ended up waiting over an hour each time. First time I got home to find a totally different order; the send time waited over 1.5 hrs for a pizza. Both were crappy, at best. Staff was really rude both times.	0 star
	Too much cheese on their pizzas, and the customer service is incredibly poor.  This is nothing new, we have been in Brighton Heights for many years.  My husband LOVES their buffalo chicken pizza, but after his last experience waiting over an hour for pick up, we would only order from Chubby's if every other local pizza joint was closed.	1 star
	I'm underwhelmed. Being a Mike & Tonys kind of girl, I was not really expecting a whole lot. But this meal left me feeling totally \"meh\". I've personally made better tzatziki sauce before. Their gyro meat has some flavor but it's way too salty for me. I give it a 3 purely for the fact that their staff is helpful and super nice. That always makes a difference to me. Still it is not going to be enough to make me want to go back. I'm sticking with my original choice!	2 star
	Honestly, it's pretty unassuming from the outside. Inside it's a tiny greek diner, albeit some \"Americanized\" choices on the menu. Hello buffalo chicken gyro!\n\nBut if you are craving for a fixin' of some stuffed cabbage, potato pierogies, or halushki, this is your place. And for dirt cheap too. I think our total bill was like $10. \n\nObviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well, with the twist of the buffalo chicken one. Obviously, I'm intrigued. They also sell ice cream, which if I wasn't so full from my meal, I definitely would have indulged in!	3 star
	Hummus is very good. Not a place you'd want to \"go out\" for dinner but great for a quick bite to eat. Would go there again.	2 star
	Very disappointed. Delivery was late, our gyros were cold and fries were soggy. I wont be ordering from here again.	0 star
	Awful poor excuse for a gyro. Food is always soggy. Meat is pure horsec*ck. Very unfriendly staff, but what do you expect from Greek f@ggots. Will never order from here again, total trash.	0 star
	I think I might open a store, right next door to you.	2 star
	Standard Pittsburgh dive. They had Yuengling, Newcastle and Guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaints.	2 star
	The Apple Inn is what it is.\n\nAnd that is a bar in Dormont that you could go to any day of the week and have a good time among friends, ( whether it's a Tuesday or Thursday when they have karaoke.)\n\nThe Apple Inn always has decent drink specials, and the bartenders are always spot on, ready to hook you up with another drink when you're finished with your current one. \n\nI will, for sure, continue to come to the Apple Inn and get my drink on.	3 star
	The apple is decent if you live within walking distance but nothing to write home about.  Average draft selection.  Didn't get into bottles but found that the bartender that happened to be working was not overly friendly.  Went for a happy hour and it was dead.  Haven't been to the Apple in years but seems like a good place to meet friends and play darts all night.  Smoker friendly.  I couldn't tell the crowd that frequents it because it was so dead.	2 star
	Pretty good place to grab a few drink. Extremely expensive for the area however. I also don't understand their happy hour, .50 cents off drafts? That's pretty lame if you ask me considering their happy hour is always dead.	2 star
	This place is terrible and the management has acted like an entitled prick every time I was there lol... Id rather get shot at R Bar	0 star
	I love this store. They have a little bit of everything, and since they moved to a bigger location, they keep getting new stuff in. Check here for incense, jewelery, herbs, tea, books, minerals, crystals, and just about anything else you could want. They also offer tarot readings. Make sure you say hi to the cat (I think his name is Baloo) while your there!	3 star
	I recently had my 21 birthday and booked Entertainment Unlimited to DJ at my party. I had talked to him we worked out types of music and a playlist that would best fit my party and it's theme. He got there on time and was set up before my party guests showed up. It was the best party I've ever had, he was interactive and got everyone dancing! Overall it was a great time and I would be happy to recommend them to anyone.	2 star
	Had a friend who went here. REALLY BAD experience	0 star
	A-OK barber shop.  Typical old school shop with 3 chairs.  My kids and I go here and they do good job including shaving the neck.  Depending on the clientele, it can be fun to listen and partake in the conversation.	2 star
	Best shop by far in the South Hills.  Purchased a Cannondale 29er there, and have had numerous service visits for various bikes.  Always helpful and always call to let you know when service is fixed.  If you are in the market for a Cannondale in the South Hills this place has better customer service BY FAR than the other South Hills Cannondale dealer.	4 star
	Good coffee, nice walking street, good selection of teas and little gifty things, good pastries, *excellent* scones, and it's not that other green-logo'd coffee place.	3 star
	Nice neighborhood coffee.  Small but always seems to have room.  Good selection of teas also..  Good scones and pastries.  CT dos have some specialty blends.	2 star
	Coffee and atmosphere are great... but my God, the cupcakes are the worst EVER!!!  There is a bakery right beside them; they should really consider selling the bakery's sweets or none at all.  I think a fake/display cupcake would have been fresher... and maybe even taste better.  Yes, it was that bad!  Mr. Manager... try your stuff before you sell it!	0 star
	First,  I love CTR's coffee.\nSecond,  this location has great batistas and it's less congested than other CTR'S I've been to. \n\nThat about covers it	3 star
	I like the double cooked wings, but they're like chick wings they're so mini.  The thing that turns me off the most about this place is they have cardboard disposable bowls for their complimentary popcorn - however they get upset if u try and use it to put wing bones or other things in it because they insist on wiping out & reusing the disposable bowls. Disgusting & totally unsanitary IMO. If they insist on reusing those, imagine where they are cutting corners behind closed kitchen doors. I'd go back for bottled beer, that's about it.	1 star
	Good food. Reasonable pricing. Wings and rings were my fair my most recent stop here\nMy friend had a steak which looked and smelled delicious. She confirmed that it was.	3 star
	Always leaving incredibly happy	4 star
	Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy.	2 star
	sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back.	1 star
	Just moved to the area, so I was looking for a good sushi place. This is a nice little joint.  It's very intimate, but they would have no problem seating a large party.  When my BF and i arrived we were the only ppl there (it was memorial day, so sushi isn't too high up ppls lists for dinner)  \nWe ordered the spicy Edamame and 4 rolls.  Everything was reasonably priced, and very good.  \nStaff was friendly!\n\nWill definitely be back!	3 star
	I go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. The resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. Service is quick and friendly. The lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that I never get bored with the choices. Their tempura is the best i've ever had, and the rest of their food is just as amazing. Their ginger dressing makes me want to drink it straight. Even thinking about it has set me drooling!	4 star
	Well, finally tried the place with the Green door and High Step!  Always seem to be people going in and out.  Heard from one of my kids it was just OK, cause he had take out once with some buddies.  Well, we ventured in and ordered a few things so we could share.  General Ts0's chicken was  to be crisp and Ouch spicy...Well, the outer crust was crisp, chicken was hard..hard to chew, tasteless and somewhat sweet sauce???  The Shrimp Lo Mein was Ok but the shrimp was overcooked.  The Moo Shu Pork was forgettable.	1 star
	Yeah, don't order from here, unless it's for dumplings. since they arev fast and the potstickers are really good. Everything else we had sucked. Shrimp and Scallop with garlic was bland as hell. The Beef on a Stick was liked eating a marinated shoe with a skewer in it. Yuk.	1 star
	Ordered General Tso's shrimp, Kung Pao chicken, soup and egg rolls. Price was slightly higher and portions maybe slightly smaller than similar stores, but food quality was certainly in line with food of this type.  \n  The only notable ding I would give is the spicing. Both of our dishes are supposed to have a bit of spice flavor, and they are noted on the menu as spicy dishes, but there was a notable absence of spice.  There weren't even chilis in the Kung Pao sauce.  It's like someone forgot to spice the dishses.	2 star
	Cool pool hall.  The front is a small neighborhood bar type of place that has good beer prices and almost everything seemed to be on special the night we were there.  The pool hall in the back was much bigger than I expected it to be.  There were a lot of tables and plenty of room.  If you see the \u20ac20 note hanging up on the wall that was from a friend of mine that donated it during our trip to Pittsburgh.	2 star
	Pool hall and pretty crappy bar. Not much else to write home about. Was not a fan and won't be back here.	0 star
	Brought the family to Tom's last weekend, and was disappointed.  On the positive side, the prices were excellent, much better than the canonical breakfast spots in the strip.  However, the food was heavy, greasy, and made from mediocre ingredients.  I didn't care for the spinach  / feta omelet, the kids' pancakes were heavy, and the home fries were greasy.  True, the place felt 50s, but kind of worn out.   We won't go again.	1 star
	The service here was outstanding with a very friendly staff. I could not believe the amount of food we got for $7 per plate. Great food. Great prices. A new Pittsburgh favorite of mine.	3 star
	I've given this place enough 2nd chances and have had my last meal at this DIVE.\nFood is mediocre at best and you can't get any service because the \nwait staff is always outside having a cigarette. Very unappetizing to watch\nthem and the cook smoking then come back inside and NOT WASH THEIR\nHANDS. DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!	0 star
	Open 24 hours is the key. Good food at any time. Gyros are their specialty and are very good. Remember it is a diner.  The decor is out dated.	3 star
	I love how it's the only restaurant that is open 24 hours near Mt Lebanon\n\nIt's always good food, even after a night out at the bars.	4 star
	I came in and a waitress came to our table , took our order and then walked away. Another lady came to us and asked what we wanted , then the first girl came back and asked us again!!! The restaurant has 4 people. This is not good! Write it down you dumb blonde	1 star
	The food is ok and I like that they're 24 hours. One of the things that I don't like is that you sit yourself but you don't figure it out until a while. Waitress also take a while to take your order. Other than that is ok.	2 star
	Read my first review... loved this place... Today I stopped in to look around,my niece was with me and I remembered that they had help wanted postings somewhere.. she inquired and the teenage girl behind the counter was SO rude, full on glaring and rolling of the eyes! NO JOKE. I wish that the manager had been in but hopefully she keeps track and knows what her counter staff is like when she is gone! I will go to party Cake shop from here on...There are too many great places to put up with attitude!	0 star
	One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here. I think it's called a \"French bearclaw.\"	4 star
	This was the worst hotel that I ever stayed in. my hubby and I  took the smoking room and it stunk sooo bad that I wanted to throw up. I was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed. in the morning at 5am I wanted to leave the room cuz smell was sooo gross that woke me up! I felt so dirty that I took two showers AT Other HOTEL. I never thought that I will have nightmares bcz of bad and stinky hotel.	0 star
	Any pittsburgher knows the top 3 pizza joints: Beto's, Fiori's, and Vesuvio's. Beto's is my favourite. \n\nI was never a fan of square pizza until I was introduced to this place. I love how they put the cheese on very last & isn't melted when they serve it to you. if you want extra cheese they give you a whole bag of shredded cheese. and it's cheap!! .99 a slice!\n\nI can't wait until I'm back in the 'burgh to take my fianc\u00e9 there so he can see what real pizza is like.	4 star
	Being from Chicago, I'm a pizza snob.  Yeah, I know, it's like comparing apples to oranges, but still...this is my review for Beto's.  Anywhoo--this was a unique experience...the pizza comes out of the oven with just sauce, then mozzerella is piled on for a semi-melt addition.  Who would have thought of this!? \n\nThe pizza itself was good, and the sauce decent, but the whole semi-melt, I'll have to get used to.  :-)  I'd be back for a second shot at it!	2 star
	Sorry, but our pizza was cold.  All nine cuts of it.  And the garlic wings didn't taste like garlic.  Maybe it was an off night?	1 star
	This is the kind of pizza where the toppings are added after the crust is cooked. Cheese included. It's a novelty, and for some folks it's their favorite pizza. The taste is good, if a little weird, but for me, it didn't satisfy my pizza craving.\n\nThis location was crowded and the wait was long, but the people were nice.	1 star
	I guess for what it is, a thick crust with a canned tomatoes and uncooked mid/low grade cheese, it was fine. It's just not my style of pizza. They do have some of the hottest wings I have every eaten, the very aptly named \"after burners\". The sauce is very tasty with an INTENSE slow burn.	2 star
	You have to be goofy to not like this pizza. Their sauce is tangy and delicious, probably the best I ever had, and The crust is perfectly crunchy not doughy and chewy which I cant stand. Truly unique and worth a try. I will be back.	4 star
	Canned green peppers!?! Way too much cheese. The yinzers seem to like it. The average BMI in that place was probably close to 30 and no wonder; the food is incredibly unhealthy. The pizza crust tasted like Pizza Hut. Maybe this place gets good reviews because it's a unique twist on unhealthy; loads of uncooked mozzarella.	1 star
	Wow, just wow. That was without a doubt the worst \"pizza\" I've ever had in my life. Maybe you would like it. Do you like all of your toppings out of a can? I didn't even know you could get canned green bell peppers. Do you like your slices of pizza to be covered with a huge several inch thick mound of uncooked mozzarella cheese? If answer is yes, then maybe this place is for you. It is definitely not for me.	1 star
	I'm a fan of Betos. I like the fact that the cheese isn't always melted. The slices are square and the prices are reasonable. Ranch dressing or bleu cheese and you're good to go! The pizza itself is simple: crust, sauce, and cheese. I'm pretty certain that you have to go pick it up, or that's just been my traditional order of things. It's been a while since I've had their pizza, but it's definitely worth the trip.	2 star
	This \"pizza\" was the worst food I have ever eaten.	0 star
	I don't get it. Cold cheese and cold pepperoni on my pizza? Why does Pittsburgh have to be so weird? I just got accustomed to fries and coleslaw on my sandwiches but a guy has to draw the line somewhere. And what's with everyone bagging up their extra cheese and taking it home? \n\nMy gut tells me this would be an awesome pizza if only they'd cook it.	1 star
	Worse than store freezer pizza. What with the cold cheese on top of hot pizza? Terrible. If you want quality; Fiori's is a few miles away.	0 star
	The thing about Beto's is you either love it or you hate. I personally love it. The uniqueness of the cold toppings on the hot pizza is something that Beto's does perfectly. I've been a loyal customer for 10+ years and have continued to order 3 cuts with extra cheese every time. One of the biggest perks to Beto's is that it's family owned by a great group of people. This place is sure to not disappoint.	3 star
	Didn't live up to my expectations at all.  Waste of time and money.  Sloooooow service.	1 star
	Thinking cold toppings is going to tast great sounds odd....... But, this is great pizza. \nWhen you commit to doing something as odd as cold toppings you are going to strike out or hit a homer. Betos hit a Grandslam. \nPlease stop in. It's a dive but it's outrageously good!!!	4 star
	The pizza is ok. The tomato chunks are delicious and the pepperoni too. But they don't bake it and the stuff all slides off the crust. Overloaded too much with cheese . Not horrible but certainly not the best.	2 star
	Nowhere else quite like betos. If you love cheese and like trying something different this place is awesome.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back rarely,  but when I do I go out of my way to grab a couple slices!	4 star
	One of my favorite pizza spots in Pittsburgh.  Been coming here for years.  The only downside is if you go and they are just putting a pizza into the oven.  The wait to grab your cuts can be a long wait.  Well worth it because of how damn good it is.	4 star
	Exactly what you'd imagine from an adorable neighborhood ice cream shop. When it's time to grab a cone, this is where my kid wants to go! Good s'cream too!	3 star
	Sweet little shop - great place to take the kiddos, and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars.	3 star
	Mediocre and poorly made! You can get better quality food from Mcdonalds don't waste your time or money	0 star
	Eh, been here a few times since moving to Dormont. It's just okay. I've been to many Eat n' Park restaurants around Pittsburgh and this one is nothing special.\n\nA royal pain to park at, and the food is just mediocre. People are nice though and have no complaints about the service. I would come here after hitting up the bars or for dessert one night, but that's about it. Banksville location is much better in my opinion.	2 star
	I would give this eat n park location zero stars if I could. I arrived at 11:15am and was seated quickly but that was about it. My waitress did not come over until 11:41. I did not receive water or any service for 26 minutes.  That is outrageous to me, I've never had anything good to say about this location and will not be visiting again.	0 star
	High production values, great plays, wonderful acting, PICT offers a lot to theater fans in Pittsburgh.  They perform at the Stephen Foster Memorial Theater on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh.  The season series is a good value.	3 star
	This company was better when the father (William Wessner) owned and managed it. I bought both an AC system and high efficiency furnace from them. Since his two sons have taken over the business, it has gone downhill. Now when the service man comes to inspect and clean your system, it seems like he's always trying to find something wrong, even when everything is operating just fine. As a result, I've stopped getting checkups done.	2 star
	Metro came to my home as scheduled and restored my air conditioning. Rich was my Metro rep and explained everything so a layman could understand.\nI was completely satisfied. They do excellent work.\nI would use them again.	4 star
	I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed. If you are thinking about going here know this:\n\nIf you grew up in the South Hills, all the people from high school that turned out to be real losers will be hanging out here. (Hey, I've been there, so I am not throwing stones.)\n\nIt is otherwise your typical South Pittsburgh yinzer bar. There is always a seat, and there are free pretzels.	1 star
	Yum. \n\nI love when places surprise you! Brunch is my passion so I am always on the hunt for new spots. I love the Pamela's scene but sometimes you need that bloody mary to hold you off until you can dig into your home fries. \n\nBLOODY MARY BAR, O HEY! \n\nPros: breakfast and booze, huge portions ( I got a side of oatmeal and it was double a meal portion), CHEAP!!!!, Early hours \n\nCons: Parking is a bitch, slower (a huge party sat before us though) \n\nDef will be back for some day drinking	3 star
	Cains had great wings and good service. The Jamaican jerk wings were very crispy as I did request them to be extra well done. The jalepeno cheddar could have been a little more crispy. The sweet potato fries were delicious, but they could have been warmer. Service was great, overall a great atmosphere and experience and would go back again!	3 star
	Draft selections are good...service is lousy...food is sub par. Not in a hurry to return.	2 star
	I wasn't expecting much but they surely over delivered.  I thought it was just another bar.  It had the bar vibe.  I didn't think the food would be this good.  I am impressed that most of the food is made in-house.  I actually don't remember what I got since it was several weeks ago that I went.  All I know was that the food was much better than any bar food I had.  I would come here again.	4 star
	Good local bar with lots of TVs, good draft selection, and better than average bar food. Definitely a step up from the Saloon.	4 star
	Stopped in for breakfast today.\n\nPros: \n-we were seated almost immediately, and it was crowded!  \n-the meals we got were great!\n\nCons:\n-service was super slow. We waited over 10 minutes for a server to take drink orders after we were seated. I had told my wife that we were going to leave if someone didn't come over in 3 minutes more. It wasn't just our server, it seemed like many tables were waiting a long time.	2 star
	Great food and very reasonable prices.   Really enjoy the sandwich and big orders of tasty fries.	3 star
	This place is just average. The service is subpar at best and the waitresses always seem rushed. However, their wings and wing flavors are good, and they have so many tv's there isn't a bad seat in the house if you're there for a game. Now that the parking lot across the street is gone, good luck looking for a spot. I would go back, but only for the wings and the spicy cheese bites.	1 star
	Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best. Great for Pirate games.	4 star
	Great place to watch a game. Friendly staff went out of their way to get my game on even though the Steelers were on at the same time.	4 star
	Ok.  This used to be our favorite spot in the area but the past two times we have been here were not the best.   Today's meal was cold burnt and  rubbery.  We had fish and chips.  Burnt mushy fish and cold over cooked chips.  Loaded potato soup was so thick you could use it for paste.  The app we had was the best part of the meal.   \n\nThe last time we wets here my fianc\u00e9 got food poisoning from a burger special.   \n\nI'm beginning to think we need to go elsewhere from now on.	2 star
	The wings here are fantastic and the cheese sticks are absurd in a very good way. Will definitely be back.	4 star
	Went this this morning and I am wondering why the hell it tool me so long to go here. Awesome food, fresh and the staff was even better. Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg! Gotta get here	4 star
	This is what a diner should be.  Yummy, fresh(ish) food with staple american bites like burgers and meatloaf sandwiches.  Cramped, with experienced servers that leave the check on the table with the food.\n\nMy soup was the meal's highlight- obviously made from scratch in the kitchen.  Reuben burger- pretty good.  Side of fries- okay.  came from the freezer, but were served hot.\n\nI would dine again.  if i am ever awake during their hours of operation.	3 star
	Oh man, this place is awesome! You get to choose what type of pancakes you want, so I chose banana chocolate chip and they were delicious and huge. You get three pancakes and I had to take two home to finish later. My friend got the stuffed French toast with bacon and again, delicious.\n\nThe food came fast but the waitress wasn't all that attentive. She was pleasant enough but we received no coffee or water refills. That's pretty much the only complaint. If you're in the area, definitely stop and check this out.	3 star
	Been here twice. Hate to say it but nothing special. The usual breakfast items but nothing stands out either in preparation or presentation.	1 star
	My breakfast was absolutely phenomenal. I specifically ordered the ham and eggs because it included their famous potato pancakes. They did not disappoint I tried every trick in the book to get what they put in them but no luck. I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here!	4 star
	The Dor-Stop was crowded and we did have to wait for about 10 minutes.  Not to bad on a Sunday morning.  Waitress was quick to get coffee to us.  It did take a little longer than you would expect to get the meal...we all started to get really hungry.  \n\nOrdered the Eggs Benedict, which were pretty ordinary.  Comes with the ordinary home fries.	2 star
	Don't go for healthy, go for tasty comfort food. Great pancakes. Expect a long wait on weekends!	4 star
	While the Dor-Stop is a cute place on a nice tree lined street, I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about. The food was only fair and they don't even have real cream for your coffee. It's that nasty fake nondairy crap. It also gave me the heebeegeebees due to the \"Christianesgue\" motif.	1 star
	Excellent breakfast. Regular pancakes rocked. Staff was super and we were seated immediately on a Saturday. So lucky. My first 5 star rating on Yelp.	4 star
	WOW!  Great staff and great food.  Got in quick and got out quick and cheap.  Did the regular breakfast with 2 pumpkin hot cakes on the side and they were out of this world.\n\nI'm glad they were on YELP or I never would have none of my new favorite breakfast place.\n\nTC	4 star
	Went there with a friend. Had egg Benedict and did not like it. The turkey meat smells funny. And the waitress kept rushing us. Not sure why it's so crowded. Will not visit again.	2 star
	Tonya our waitress was perfect! Her recommendations we all excellent! From Chicago attending a funeral. Checked triple-D, and glad I did! Oatmeal Raisin pancakes were unbelievable! I don't where they get their eggs but they were huge and fresh over easy for me! Must stop if ever in Pittsburgh!	4 star
	BEST BREAKFAST I'VE EVER HAD!!! I had the Guy's Version of the Jumblot. My girlfriend had the chocolate chip banana pancakes. These were the best pancakes I've ever eaten. They have a texture and gooeyness that I've never had in a pancake. The Guy's Version was eggs, potatoes, jalape\u00f1os, tomato, cheddar, and hot sausage. The hot sausage had the most amazing flavor. \n\nEveryone should definitely make a trip here once! Pancakes are to die for!!	4 star
	Yes... Dorstop was on the Food Network but I believe that the show has brought too much business to the local breakfast/lunch restaurant. Most of the time the servers are cranky and rushing so they forget items or customer needs and the food isn't as good as it used to be. Either they need to expand their staff and restaurant or many others will see what I have.	2 star
	Folks this is very overrated.. they had Guy's Diners Drivein and Dives there only because Guy's parents knew owner. This is very avg food at best. Its nothing special.I wont go back.. Very small and uncomfortable. They have a large sign in window to play on Guy's visit a number of years ago. Dont fall for it.	1 star
	I really, really wanted to try Dor - Stop, but it wasn't open when I went! My wife and I woke up early just to go there, and the diner was closed for the next few days, EVEN THOUGH IT DIDNT SAY THAT ON THE WEBSITE! Such a waste of time. If you're going to go, make sure you call ahead, just so you don't get screwed over like we did.	0 star
	Food here is absolutely wonderful! Service is good and people are better. Take my family there and am extremely satisfied.	4 star
	My sister and I both got the banana and chocolate chip hot cakes, and we loved them! Huge servings and you can also get the hot cakes with bacon, sausage, and ham for a slightly higher price. This was my second time going actually and if I could go every day I would! Highly recommend!	4 star
	Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.	4 star
	great breakfast place...period. worth the wait. had the stuffed french toast, and the bob's special. french toast was crisp and cooked perfectly, although not really stuffed, just an extra slather of raspberry jam. Bob's special was very tasty, German potato pancakes were a little under cooked but great tasting.  Service was quick and brisk, waited about 25 minutes on a Sunday morning, which was not bad but it was raining this day.	3 star
	I had the Italian jombot here it was so good, and the service was awesome!!! I will definitely be back.	4 star
	Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  Everybody told me I HAD to try and their pancakes.\nWell, the short stack they served me were lousy pancakes.	0 star
	I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.	4 star
	We were in Pittsburgh from out of town and read the reviews so we decided on Don Campiti's Pizza. Urban Spoon rated 91% favorite. This pizza is not good. Honestly, it tastes like Geno's frozen pizza from the grocery store. The pepperoni was very good. The crust was super thin and tasted like a salteen cracker. I've had much better pizza and will be exploring other options next time I'm in the burg.	1 star
	Great pie...I could eat a whole large though...if you like a thin crust, you will love this	3 star
	People really are nuts about their pizza in the 'burgh - this I'm learning. \n\nI ordered a pizza from here because it's in my hood (walking distance, even) and because someone told me it's been their favorite pizza since they were wee little. I think a lot of places in Pit have false-yum status because people are just emotionally attached to things they've eaten for so many years... I don't fault them for that, but this just isn't great pizza, in my opinion.	1 star
	Consistent and quality.  Although it might be a love it or hate it thing.  I love it, so there ya go.	3 star
	Disappointed after hearing so many good things. Pizza crust is like a cracker. Hoagie is pretty good, but does not remove the disappointment over the pizza. I think Molly's Pizza next door is a lot better....I won't order from here again.	1 star
	Compared to the original Don Campiti Pizza of the 60's and 70's this is not even close. The legacy of a superior pizza in Dormont has lost it. No longer up there with Beto's and area best. Sad to say this pizza was so bad. I have been a diehard customer of the 60's and 70's. Crust was like cardboard. Toppings were worse. What happened to the legacy Don Campitis Pizza ?	0 star
	I am not impressed.  The food was so-so and my boyfriend and I had a coupon purchased that morning from restaurants.com and they wouldn't accept it. I bought it that morning, sorry if it should have been taken off the website but you should honor it. I would not pay their full price for it, but with a nice coupon then maybe it could be worth it. The quality of the food was not good enough to outweigh the service.	1 star
	Just to let everyone know, Namaste Indian Restaurant has moved (January 2013) from it's old location in the Banksville Plaza to 1150 Banksville Rd, adjacent to The Days Inn. I've notified Yelp.	3 star
	This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again , the coupon we bought and weren't allowed to use left on the table	0 star
	Hard to complain too much about a $7 buffet.   Food wasn't bad,  I've certainly had worse Indian in Pittsburgh.   Limited selection that they don't refill often enough.   Odd atmosphere,  they need some background music or something.  The soap opera on tv just didn't cut it.  They do give you fresh naan bread which is nice, old buffet naan always sucks.  Good if you're in the area and need a cheap lunch but not worth going out of your way for.	2 star
	Shockingly bad.  I know it's Pittsburg so my expectations were low, but there is no call for rudeness.  The old lady should retire.  The young waiter was ok but clearly  scared of the woman.   I went to the dinner buffet at 530 pm, the food was obviously left over from lunch, the rice was so old it was crunchy, all other food was very low quality and mostly cold. I always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible.  My search for quality Indian food in the 'burgh continues.	0 star
	I think the quality and flavor of the food keeps me coming back even though the old woman is very unpleasant, I have never been there when there was more than three or four people in the whole restaurant. I don't know how long they could survive and that is unfortunate.  On one occasion I was waited on by a young man who was very friendly and pleasant , where did he go? This place has potential but the old lady must go.	2 star
	I cannot believe how anyone can like this place. May be the service was bad the day I went. I walked in .... then found that the place had a smell that was not pleasant. But, I got adjusted to that in a few moments. I found only 4 or 5 items in the buffet. None of them looked fresh. I tried this place only because of the other yelp reviews. I would never go there again.	0 star
	Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good, the naans (when fresh) were good, but mostly it all stunk.	1 star
	I'm not about reviewing fast food places, but I found out this Arby's was the first in Pittsburgh. It even has the HUGE cowboy hat out front as a marker. \n\nIt has all the stuff you'd expect, Roast Beef sandwiches, and those amazing Jamocha Shakes Arby's is known for.	1 star
	This is a very typical neighborhood Foodland.  It looks like it hasn't been renovated since the days of the Steelers \"Immaculate Reception\", but it kind of has a certain well-worn charm.  The place is crowded and cramped too, but not unpleasant.  The parking lot is very small, but as I was taking the \"T\", it wasn't an issue.   I stopped here last night because I was in the neighborhood attending a meeting at someone's house close by and I volunteered to pick up a treat. \n\nI'd say that this place is worth it for your run-of-the-mill staples and nothing else.	1 star
	It's an IGA now.	1 star
	Eh, it's pretty much a big convenience store to me, but they have the necessities. I prefer the Greentree Giant Eagle, but it is good to have a market within walking distance to us. There's not much more I can say about it.	2 star
	The white pizza truly is delicious, as are all of their fatty appetizers.  They also offer pasta and other options so there is something to please everyone in any size group you bring to Bado's.	2 star
	I love this place. I live within walking distance and I find myself there a lot. Tons of beer choices (microbrews for you beer snobs) and great pizza & pub food.  It's a perfect pizza pub in every way. Try the hot lime flavored wings. They make your eyes well up when you put your face over them to smell the amazing wing aroma. Nice bartenders and wait staff as well.	4 star
	If I lived in the South Hills I would come here all the time. I am not even sure how the pizza place across the street stays in business. I suspect that after the locals are done getting hammered off of Bado's awesome beer selection they need to order some crap when homebase has closed. Or it is a front for the mob.	3 star
	Bado's is a nice place to go to get decent food. Pretty average as far as I've seen so far. The reason for 3 stars is that the bar is small and the beer is over priced. I understand it's micro and craft beers on tap but there are other places near by with the micro and crafts for less with better atmosphere. Big plus to the bartenders though, very nice and helpful.	2 star
	pricey, pricey pricey and it isnt that good!	0 star
	I just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection, but the food is awful.	1 star
	one of the worst steak sandwiches i've ever eaten. there were 7 of us and the only people who liked their food were the kids and the one who had the pizza. \n\ni would never eat here again	0 star
	We just ate there on a Friday night and the whole experience was a disaster. Rude, unfriendly, just a miserable male server. Drinks were lousy , service was lousy, food just o.k., nothing to write home about, and at 9:00 on a Friday night they were putting chairs on the tables and vacuuming, hinting it was time for us to leave. The whole experince was horrible... and the bill was outrageous.  Save your money and Go somewhere else!!!!	0 star
	best pizza on beverly rd	3 star
	Had the gnocchi delivered. Absolutely terrible. Gnocci's had to have been 2 years old. Delivery guy was shady too.	0 star
	I don't like this place at all. The staff here is always rude and has no sense of care at all for their business. A couple years ago I had heard they smoke over making their pizza. All of their employees tend to be shady. I don't recommend at all.	0 star
	I had a positive experience with this shop. I needed something framed at the last minute, and within extremely precise parameters (that weren't easy to abide by), and they not only got the work done correctly and on time, but at a reasonable price. \n\nThe staff is a little gruff, but not at all unfriendly, and I am happy to have found a local shop that I will return to.	3 star
	Well returned to Supercuts this afternoon and they agreed that my hair was a little...well...oddly cut behind the ears. Gina (manager) offered to blend it in, but unfortunately I had no time as I was on my way to the airport. I may get it touched up later this week. She was apologetic and offered my next cut to be free. So I am pretty stoked about a free cut and I'm not sure if I should just wait for my hair to grow back or get it touched up.	2 star
	Meh. I hate how this store is laid out, and everything is tackily displayed. I also hate how they gouge you for printer ink. Huge store, not much going on inside. Too bad it's so close.	2 star
	An abomination....the billing department is run by a level of incompetence of which the likes have never been seen.  Ever get a bill 2 yrs late, then pay over the phone with a credit card, only to have the payment never recorded and then receive harassing phone calls?  Well I just did....	0 star
	Absolutely wretched and incompetent billing department.  Overcharged four months in a row, called every month and was repeatedly told it would be fixed.  I went to American Express to file a dispute and at least they were able to reverse the four overcharges.  Even after that, I was randomly charged for a system upgrade that never happened.  I am considering filing a complaint with the better business bureau and the attorney general.	0 star
	Come here instead of D's if you need to buy cases of beer. They're cheaper than D's and everything is easy to find. Thanks to the peeps at D's for the referral.	3 star
	Cons:\n* Very cramped space, aisles are so narrow that you have to carry your case sideways.\n* Only a few items were priced with signs hanging above them.\n* No shopping carts.\n\nPros:\n* Decent selection\n* Chilled section	1 star
	This place was great! I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard. That said, however, I was really excited by the beer selection and the neon green relish. If you're looking for a chill meal, this is a great place to check out!	3 star
	This place came highly recommended when I moved to Pittsburgh two years ago. They have an amazing beer selection, good dogs and they must have expanded the place in the last year because they have a pull up garage wall that I never noticed before. Fries are good too. \n\nSomething about it is gimmicky to me but I'll let it go. Might as well stop here first before going to see a movie across the street...	2 star
	It's getting three stars for the beer selection.  The hot dogs are nothing special, nor is one enough if you're hungry. I can buy a package of hot dogs at Giant Eagle and get the same effect times 10.\nLast time I was there someone said the pizzas looked good. Next time.	2 star
	Love the BEER CAVE - would make any beer-neanderthal happy! Sorta like grabbing a cold one out of your friend's fridge, except D's has a giant selection.\n\nThe servers were pretty friendly, even when it was last call. I can't say the food was so great, but the beer options and good prices help to make up for it. This seems like an easy-going neighborhood bar, and I bet it's even nicer when the garage door window is open during the warmer months.	2 star
	good beer selection- both on tap and in the beer cave. located in a nice neighborhood.  the chili cheese dog is fantastic and so are the fries!!	3 star
	Their chicken BBQ pizza is among the greaseiest I've ever consumed, but their beer selection is good, atmosphere is pleasant, and service is friendly.	3 star
	Made my first trip to D's today.  By far one of the best bars I have been to.  Great atmosphere, good food for a bar, and how can I not mention the BEER CAVE.  They have an impeccable selection of brew.  Great place to go for a night out or just to have a good time.  I would imagine a Stiller game would be pretty fun to watch.  The prices are just right including drinks, but if only we could do something about the county drink tax.  \n\nI will visit this place frequently.	4 star
	The hot dogs are somewhat disappointing and the beer is slightly overpriced, but you come here for the sheer selection of those beers. An enormous beer cave makes one feel like a kid in a beer store. Unfortunately, only their cheaper domestic/import selection is refrigerated, which really sucks cause you can't drink those beers you find int he beer cave right away. Still, if you're looking for selection, this is the place.	2 star
	Even though they were out of the first beers we asked for (the Dogfish Punkin) this place hit the spot for a junk food craving. Vegetarians: the veggie dog is awesome, not rubbery or pale but nearly mistakable for an actual hot dog. I ordered one with kraut and mustard, and my boyfriend braved the three-cheese dog, which was hard to pick up but looked tasty. Their fries were good, and were generously portioned (definitely shareable) for a $1.50 small. Next time, we'll delve more into their beer selection.	2 star
	The name itself is pretty self explanatory.  You can pretty much get a hot dawg any way you like it.  Although I've never tried a Chicago Dog in Chicago, D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh.	3 star
	I come here for the veggies dogs. My husband comes here for the beer cave. The beer is a bit expensive (compared to buying it in stores in NY). But if you're craving your favorite difficult to find because of the crazy PA licquor laws, this is your place. \n\nThis place is family and group friendly, so sometimes you might have a wait.	3 star
	This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!	4 star
	What a cool place.  The beercave was very unique.  If I hadn't just had my wisdom teeth out, I would have totally sampled some of the fine brews they had stocked away.  What I did enjoy was the friend zucchini.  It was hot from the fryer when it got to our table, and it absolutely hit the spot.  I'd never had it before, and zucchini is one of my favorite vegetables.  My friend said that the service can be slow, but we didn't have any problems.	3 star
	Well, it has good hot dogs and a wide, wide variety of beer, stocking without pretense; Miller and Unibrau.  The hot dogs are good.  The beer is unfortunately not so cheap; six packs aren't much cheaper than just buying four or five beers.  Bad for groups more that four people; great for two or three.	2 star
	Place was awesome.\n\nDelirium on tap.\n\nHot dogs with mac n cheese on them.	4 star
	In my final meal in Pittsburgh, I finally had the closest thing to a Pittsburgh sandwich and that was the Big Ben Hot Dog with cole slaw, fries, and a cheese sauce. It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road. The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle. Definitely a great cheap eats spot.	3 star
	This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. They serve \"bar food\", but there's a nice variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. My favorite items on the menu are the veggie dogs, pizza, and soft pretzels. \n\nYou can't beat their beer selection. Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection.	4 star
	I'm over it. \n\nToo many instances of bad service. Though that one woman who I have seen working there for a long time is solid. But going back to what I started with; seems like the inmates are running the prison these days. \n\nThe beer to-go costs more here than it does in New York City or Brooklyn. Think about that people.\n\n(The Monroeville location is better, imo.)	1 star
	I think their beer selection is much more impressive than their hot dog selection. although, mac and cheese on a hot dog is a pretty amazing option. but really, come for the beer cave and you won't be disappointed.	2 star
	Everybody told me about this place when I said I was moving to Pittsburgh and, sure enough, it is awesome.  All the Belgian beer a girl could want.  And the wings.  And oh, the Mason Dixon dog.	4 star
	This place is pretty good! they serve a selection of creatively topped dogs and some of the best greasy fries I have had in awhile. enough said!  Time to go drink some beer and devour this dog!	3 star
	Beer cave!!	4 star
	I am not huge on hot dogs or beer. However, I am huge on add-ons. This is where D's comes in. I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog. It has avocado!!! The wings are delish too. This place is a must go for beer lovers. I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person, so I tried something with raspberry notes in it, and LOVED it! Oh and the fries are awe-frickin-some!! My second fave in the city after Point Brugge.	3 star
	I have been to Pittsburgh several times in the last year and this place is one of my favorites.  Not just because the hot dogs are good and variety or them is pretty good too.  I come just for the beer cave!  Plenty of choice in there and the ability to pick your own is awesome!  It gets pretty packed in there on weekends.  Service is no nonsense.  Best is the beer selection in the cave.  This is the reason for the 4stars.	3 star
	Something different here.\n\nFood, schmood, go there and drink the beers from the beer cave.  I don't think you have to wait for the server to open your beer, they'll notice and charge your accordingly.  It's all walk in and self service beer, why don't more places do that?!\n\nMike	3 star
	D's is just one of those places I love going to. I can't get enough of picking out my own 6 pack of wonderfulness. All amazing beer. The food has never let me down. The service has always been good. This place is just awesome.	4 star
	The mac n cheese dog I had was just ok, but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer. The fries and barbeque wings were just as good. I also liked the atmosphere, the mural, and the employees who were really nice and honest and helpful. It's in a cool neighborhood too. Go!	3 star
	Yum! Great little find just outside of the city....especially if you are Chicago dog fan	3 star
	I like it. Veggie friendly too.	3 star
	Chicago dog was awesome. Great selection of craft beers on draft too!	3 star
	I don't come here to eat much, I usually come for the beer cave. Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!	4 star
	New menu! Check it out!	3 star
	Employees are awesome. Everyone is super friendly and they always have kick ass old school jams playing!	4 star
	I'm subleasing an apt across the street and have been in a few times now.  Hot dogs are good and cheap but the burger options, although still good, are close to $10 each.  Nice draft selection but also pricy.  Their happy hour is $1 off drafts 4p-6p everyday, so that's still $4-5 for a beer.  I'll be back though.	3 star
	Went here after a run in nearby Frick Park, which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers. I can't wait to return!	4 star
	The food is always sort of room temperature, but it's delicious! \nThere's a cave. Of beer. \nThere's always a longish wait to get a seat, but I can say, they do their best to accommodate. My first time here, we had a large group and failed to call ahead, yet they found somewhere to put us and took good care. \nThis area of town is adorable, and I'm looking forward to heading out in the spring time and enjoying some hot dogs in the warm air!	2 star
	Was at D's this afternoon! I was so excited to find real vienna Hot Dogs in Pittsburgh since I am a born and raised Chicago guy. They were good dogs, had mine Chicago Style of course! Not sure it was Pollmans Mustard. It the buns had poppy seeds! A great place with plenty of atmosphere!	4 star
	D's is a great place to drink to your heart's content with any darn beer you please! They have just about any beer your little mug could possibly conjure up. The service is quick, not overly friendly but they get the job done- what you expect from a pub type atmosphere.  A great after-work unwind.	3 star
	Mac n cheese dog is incredible.  This place is small and gets packed so be prepared for a long wait and no personal space.	4 star
	I absolutely loved this place. First off, I love Regent Square. It's the cutest place, and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in. My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave. We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast. Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches. The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry.	4 star
	I love D's! My roommate and I are happy regulars at both the restaurant and the attached beer cave, and we like to drag our out-of-town friends here as well. This place is honestly one of the best things about living in Regent Square. The staff are friendly and efficient and the food is always hot and fresh. The beer is of course outstanding. What more could you want in a neighborhood bar?	4 star
	Worst dry cleaners EVER.  \n\nNot only do they do an incredibly poor job on the clothes, but the staff are particularly nasty and rude.  The kids who work there are fine, but the older ladies are just plain miserable.  I would rather spend more money someplace else than go back to this hell hole.	0 star
	I just moved to the neighborhood and needed to find a dry cleaner close by. Regency Cleaners is fine for dry cleaning but do not entrust any tailoring or hemming to this place! I had the sleeves of my coat hemmed and the tailor (or whoever) did a shitty job (THANKS).\n\nThe owner (larger woman) is rude and dismissive of my questions.\n\nI won't be coming here again.	1 star
	Fun bar, but if you aren't a smoker be prepared for your eyes to burn and your clothes to stink like cigarettes when you leave!\n\nThe usual Miller, Coors, Bud beers are cheap. No food. Just drinks.	2 star
	Yeah it's dirty and smoky, but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either.	2 star
	Average food, slightly above average prices for the quality/taste, average price for the location, lack-luster service.\n\nThis place (the location, the actual building itself, etc.) could be so much more.  I wish they would either step it up, or sell the business to someone that would let it achieve its true potential.\n\nUntil then, there are other dining options in Regent Square and they should be explored.	1 star
	My first visit was tonight, on wing night. I got barbecue wings and a side salad. My son got parmesan and garlic wings. Large meaty wings with flavorful coatings. I asked for ranch and blue cheese for dipping and both were delicious. The salad wasn't real special but it had a nice combination of greens. Waitress was friendly and efficient. Nice neighborhood feel. So glad my son brought me here. It was his 5th wing night visit on a row.	3 star
	I live in the neighborhood and love to patron local establishments. However, Dunning's doesn't impress me. Kind of reminds me of an old timer, stuffy bar/restaurant. The food is ok. Typical and kind of boring. I think the prices are on the higher end for what they serve.	2 star
	I really wanted to like this place, because it sounds like it used to be really popular. We heard the burgers were very good once upon a time, so we tried them, but they were just ok. Nice people though, and plenty of seating. Good place to watch the game probably (bar).	1 star
	I haven't actually been to the Regent Square location of Ambience, so this is more directed towards the Oakmont store.\n\nI love this place. I love it. It's gorgeous, high-quality [sometimes designer!] clothing that's so cheap it's ludicrous. And! All the profits go to a women's shelter! What more can you ask of a consignment shop?\n\nI daresay nothing. Go, shop, support.	4 star
	The drive through service here leaves something to be desired.  Not only was my order wrong but the lady was very grumpy.	1 star
	This place continues to be a joke.  The service is bad and the attitude of the workers is worse.  \n\nMy order is never right and yet I still go...never again.  \n\nI officially deem this place the worst restaurant in Pittsburgh.	0 star
	Worst service.  Dirty.  Slow.  Ignorant by the strictest definition.  Do not go here.  Bad!  Real bad.	0 star
	This is a depressing coffee shop. I went in on a wednesday afternoon to find the place dim, muggy, eerily silent (as in no music or talk, just shuffling noises), and filled with a sense of sadness.  I tried to sit down and enjoy some coffee, which was drinkable, but I couldn't get over the odd atmosphere, that is until the music started, so quiet I couldn't even tell you what it was, just that it was on. I'm giving it two stars for the awesome alternative energy posters hanging on the far wall.	1 star
	Yeah, I'm not coming here anymore.\n\n1) They charge extra for whipped cream.\n2) They use canned whipped cream. If you're gonna charge me for whipped cream you damn well better make your own fresh whipped cream. Jeez.\n3) My hot chocolate was just gross. Like they use Hershey's chocolate syrup or something. Yuck.\n4) I saw how they keep their filters prefilled with ground coffee just sitting out on the counter to get stale! WTF?\n\nSigh. I hope the people at Biddle's Revenge open that place up soon and know WTF they are doing...	1 star
	Is it possible to give zero stars?  If so, Katerbean would rate a zero.\n\nBad atmosphere, unfriendly employees, slow and reluctant service, pump your own coffee, dingy interior, dirty tables.  If they only had telescreens which couldn't be switched off, then this place would be a perfect setting to film Orwell's \"1984\".	0 star
	Cigarette smoke and ashtray smells combined with mediocre coffee and subpar customer service are not my cup of tea, and I never even rank the tea here. Thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster that Biddle's Escape opened and now I have absolutely no reason to go to Katerbean.	1 star
	This place is now closed :-). Best thing that could've been done with it.  Going to opn in a couple of months under new management as the 61B caf\u00e9. I look forward to seeing what some new life does to this place!	0 star
	I brought a shoe here that needed re-glued and it was done the next day and was so cheap.  The store owner was very friendly.  Would definitely do business here again.	4 star
	Amazing...\n\nThe owner of this establishment is honest, fair and skilled.  I have a pair of leather boots that I had reconditioned at this establishment.  My boots went from bad to great.  Total cost, $7!  \n\n$7 \n\nInsane value.  Great place.  I am so pleased places like this exist.	4 star
	THE best cheesesteaks, freshest buns, there is nothing bad here!!	4 star
	Passable, cheap Chinese food. I like the Kung Pao chicken, but they definitely put in too many carrots.	2 star
	Huge, huge \"battleship\" sandwich w Italian meats + bologna, exotic malt liquors, craftsmanship, and a barred window entrance hiding it's charm. Great experience.	3 star
	Just go here, and order a battleship. If Kris makes it, its even better!	4 star
	I have been a customer of the Triangle Bar & Grill for over twenty five years.  They have the BEST subs ever. \n\nBUT on this trip I was buying several to share with people from out of town.  They are cash only and more than happy to show you an ATM that charges you $2.50 per transaction.  The employees don't set the rules but have to live with them.  That $2.50 came out of their tip, they can hit up their boss for the rest.  Its 2014 and they still don't take credit and or debit cards.  Shame on them.	1 star
	After 17 years of only being able to choose between three pizza chains, I really appreciate little places like this with good pizza.  The pepperoni pizzas are thin and greasy like they're supposed to be, the crust is home made, the sauce is good, and the amount of cheese perfect.\n\nIt's kind of sad that the other 'V' pizza place around the corner isn't any better than the three national chains.	4 star
	Great pizza. Grandma's pie is an all time favorite!	4 star
	Pizza was fine but nothing special. The salad I ordered was wrong, though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website).	1 star
	This store is so gross that I was almost sick! Onions peeled and half-rotten. Squishy garlic. Dirt everywhere. I will NEVER step foot in this place again.	0 star
	I really don't get Giant Eagle. They are nice enough, but pricing just makes no sense at all to me. It is close to my house so I'll drop in to buy a thing or two, but would rather go just about anywhere else for my weekly shopping trip.	1 star
	Fairly typical chain grocery store. Although I have my reasons for liking them:\n\n1) Discounted Kennywood Tickets\n2) Good selection of Pittsburgh Specific food (i.e. Isaley's Chipped ham, etc.)\n3) Cheaper than a whole foods/wawa	2 star
	I love that most of their employees make it known that they would rather be anywhere else but here. \nThe prices are higher than most other competitors but it's the closest store to us so it's easy to get to.	1 star
	One of the worst Wendy's I've ever experienced.  Every morning there was a 30-minute wait - after ordering - for food.	0 star
	I don't remember the last time I stepped into a fast food burger joint.  Every time I come here, whether it be midday, evening, or late night there is ALWAYS a wait in the drive thru.  \n\nGo at the right time and the person doing the drive thru intercom could be the best entertainment you get in a while.  \n\nOh, yeah, the food isn't all that bad either, props for the \"fresh cut fries.\"	2 star
	Please clean your floor properly.  It feels like Crisco under your feet.  Very dangerous.	1 star
	My first visit to the chain in years. Not exactly fine dining but this was open until midnight on weekdays.\n\nI had roast beef sliders and a bowl of French onion soup. The sandwich buns were mushy otherwise everything was fairly good.\n\nService was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up.	2 star
	Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz, it ain't.	2 star
	Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.	1 star
	Fair prices.  Consistent Octane rating.  I've never been inside.  Also I think this station is very busy so the premium my car burns always seems to go a little further on a tank from here.  Not sure why but I also always get 20 more miles out of a tank if I fill up here instead of getgo or costco.	3 star
	They took their vegetarian meal off the menu.  They'll make one for you especially but I always feel demanding and would prefer if they had just kept it on the menu.\n\nPlus, this one is always really quiet.  Like, I feel guilty, like I'm troubling the staff.  And you have to drive through an apartment's parking lot to get there.  Very awkward location and atmosphere.	1 star
	I like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups. They also send you a coupon for a free dinner on your birthday and can use it anytime during your birthday month.  I would recommend making a reservation as they are normally busy and it takes awhile to eat. But this is a great place to go for a special occasion.	4 star
	It all depends on the chef who is performing for you . I have been here twice in last several months and felt everything was average . I have seen other chefs in different restaurants and they have put on a much better show .	2 star
	The atmosphere was fun. Our chef was very nice and entertaining. The filet was excellent.  Their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.  Over all it was a great time. I will definitely go back.	4 star
	Only complaint was when we arrived we were basically told we had to wait for another party to arrive prior to being seated.  Was told we could go to bar---after saying no we wanted to be seated they agreed.  We made reservations for 3 and had no idea who other party was so why could we not be seated---we were not asking to be served.  Over all experience was nice.  Waitress very nice and attentive and so was Chef.	2 star
	Love the food, but we get take out to the office and every time its a bit of an ordeal.  \n\nEat in.  If you're planning on take out make it simple.	3 star
	Benihana is by far our favorite steak and seafood place in the area. The food is so fresh. The chefs are great. The wait staff is excellent.  If you're looking for shrimp flying and loud chefs singing obnoxious songs then this is not for you. If you want a friendly  atmosphere and delicious food then this is your place. \nThe sushi is fresh and tasty. The quality of food is obviously there.	4 star
	The only reason I wouldn't rate this place any higher than a 3 is that it can be a hit or miss. This time was great! \n\nFOOD: I ordered the chopper steak salad, which is grilled steak on top of a bed of greens with half an avocado, cherry tomatoes, corn, onions and a tortilla. The steak was tender and tasty with the ripe avocado. I had it with Ranch dressing. This combination was a light but filling dinner.	2 star
	Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla... mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.	4 star
	Do they still do the half-price late night menu here?  That used to be clutch.  Margaritas are solid and the food is good. They actually steam their burritos, so the tortilla is super-soft and warm.  Like the salsa here too.  \n\nAll the way down Atwood, this place caps off a string of good multicultural restaurants.  It's the most fun of them all.	2 star
	You have no idea how badly I WANT to like this place. They are incredibly vegetarian/vegan-friendly. I just haven't been impressed by anything I've ordered there. Even the chips and salsa aren't terribly good. I do like the bar-- they have great sangria-- but that's about it.	1 star
	Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki. Great food and wide selection of draft beers. One of my favorite spots.	4 star
	Burritos are huge! Margaritas are good,  and they have a good selection of tequila!	3 star
	I took my niece here last week for lunch and we enjoyed our food.  The guac was really good.  They gave us a lot, and we both had enough for another dinner.  When I was eating my left overs, I came across a piece of wood in my burrito...probably a piece of toothpick, but it was a turnoff and I threw the rest of my food out.  I deducted a star for that.	2 star
	This place is okay. The waiter was horrible and barely checked on us. The food was also not too good. It was very bland and didn't have a lot of taste to it. I will not be coming back.	1 star
	This afternoon I took my 4 year old to this mad mex for lunch after a great morning swimming and doing a yoga class.  We had to send back our food because the chicken was stone cold (even though surrounded by sizzling veggies on a skillet).  It seemed like it was yeterday's chicken.  They brought out fresh food and I'm kicking myself for having eaten it.  The rest of our day has been spent cleaning up food poisoning accidents and in the bathroom.	0 star
	While I LOVE Mad Mex, this one is to be avoided.  For whatever reason, they always seem to manage to mess up orders and on a couple of occassions, I've just not felt well after eating there.  Because it's a BB, I just keep thinking I had to be wrong about that.  But after waking up in the middle of the night with all sorts of unpleasant stomach issues, I've had to write this location off.  Go to Robinson instead... (Or BB, please, please get a new KM for this location!)	0 star
	Crouse's beer distributor is a good, convenient place to pick up a case. The prices are affordable and the staff are friendly and helpful. The selection is also pretty decent.	3 star
	A very oddly laid out supermarket. the Deli isle is not very wide, the the walls are closing in on you, and they put the DIY olive cart in front to make it more cluttered. Just a poorly laid out store which is showing it's age.	1 star
	Dirty and small.  Not laid out well.  Expired items on the shelves.  Rude cashiers.  Self check out usually broken.  Horrible experience more than once.  I don't shop here unless I have to.	0 star
	The worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.    Their watermelon mixed drink was very good though.  I won't be returning.	0 star
	The sundae bar is a big hit with my kids, particularly the blue \"whipped cream\" (I shudder to think what's actually in that). The food's pretty much the same stuff you can get at Friday's, Applebee's, etc. I like their salad with the almonds and blue cheese-- they sometimes really dowse it in dressing but it's good.	2 star
	Obviously, you aren't coming here because it is in any way cool, or because of the 80's decor. You got kids with you or others whose palette doesn't extend past burgers and fries. These limitations can be overlooked. What can't be forgiven, however, is the shabbiness of this place. It looks like it gets vacuumed once a week, and the bathrooms are disgusting.	0 star
	good burgers and soup!!!	3 star
	Had a beer and an appetizer, so-so.  Service was nice and quick, which is about all I need with the kids.  Kids seemed to like their kids meals, the usual Mac and cheese, grilled cheese, chicken fingers.  Huge line at Mad Mex on Friday night, none here.  I doubt we will go back, too many other choices.	1 star
	Stopped for dinner there while traveling on business.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, seated and ignored.   After 25 minutes without a server, I left.  Will not recommend to anyone else passing through.  I don't know if all the wait staff didn't feel like serving one person because tips are smaller for one than a group or if they were just incompetent or just rude.  Extremely dissatisfied.	0 star
	Went there on my first day in Pittsburg. Wasn't the best experience. My waitress was to busy talking to her coworkers that she couldn't even give us any sauces. The food was ok but nothing to great. When I go back to Pittsburg I will not be going there again!!!!	0 star
	Not up to it's previous brunch standards. Buffet has scaled back in variety and quality.   Still good but no longer excellent.	1 star
	Absolutely horrible service, when we entered the hostess gave an audible sigh like we were inconveniencing her with our presence.  We were seated for over 10 minutes and never had a server come to even take drink orders.  Needless to say we left, and we will not be going back.	0 star
	I have been to this place many many times over the years. But the last visit was at least a year prior. \n\nI was shocked by the outside condition of the restaurant. This place definitely looks like it's falling apart on the outside. \n\nI didn't stay there to eat, but from what little that I  saw, the inside looked fine. My toasted bagel with cream cheese was okay, but there wasn't a napkin in the bag. Seems like a silly oversight.	2 star
	Food is what you would expect from a BB, staff is friendly enough but the prices are outrageous.  My boyfriend and I had to endure the drive thru because we were running late for our camping trip. My \"toasted\" bagel was white and soft... before the addition of cream cheese. \n\nPrices are crazy! \n\nDon't be so lazy... drive down the hill to the GE... buy a 6 pack of bagels, cheese and some bacon for under 10 bucks!  You'll have left over food and cash	2 star
	Received bad service today.  Got the wrong chase for my sandwich,  Got decaf tea instead of regular tea even though he was told black tea.  Usually you have to ask for decaf. \nHowever, lots of seats since the place was empty.  We left Einstein's because it was  crowded.\nThey Missed an opportunity to impress a new customer.  Guess it's back to Einstein's.	1 star
	Frequently get take out from this place. Food usually fairly decent. Except we found some type of flying bug in the bottom of our rice container. Called to complain and they offered 20% off our next bill and did not sound surprised by our find. Considering the money we have spent there over the years I was highly upset. But they seemed to care less. Guess I have to drive to sesame next time.	0 star
	Consumer alert... rats!	0 star
	This Starbucks is right down the street from my parents house. It's gotta be my favourite location in the Pittsburgh area. I read Joe D's review and laughed a bit. He's right...there are some guys who sit in there, but have you ever said hello? Have you ever asked them if you could sit down? They're totally nice guys! The baristas here are really efficient (most of the time) and super friendly. They're on top of their game and even remember regular's drink orders.	4 star
	I've been coming here ever since I can remember. The Baristas seem genuinely interested in your well-being. They all have great personalities and are a joy to talk to when I come in. Dan, while appearing super intimidating (spiky black hair, wears leather jackets and stuff) is extremely nice. I went away for college and when I came back he asked me all about it. Becky always remembers my orders and Astrid makes my iced coffee just right. I could sit in there for hours and I often do.	4 star
	Panera does a nice job on some items.  Stopped to have lunch with a friend who wanted to use the WiFi and get a bite to eat.  \n\nKind of a soup type day, rainy and cool...so had a bowl of low fat veggie...very nice and a greek salad that is pretty good.  The best part was the fresh baked bread.	2 star
	Oh, I like Panera. I love their you pick two combos. Awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup and desserts. It's a nice place to hang out while you're waiting for your car to get inspected.	3 star
	I wish more chains had great quality foods and ambience rich environments. I thoroughly enjoyed my roasted turkey, avo blt!	3 star
	Ya Gotta Regatta! It's Pittsburgh's mid summer July 4th celebration. Once it was the largest inland regatta in the nation with an average 1 Million people visiting for the four day event. Scaled back these days for reasons I won't get into, the annual summer spectacular features boat racing, anything that floats contests, a lighted boat parade, concerts, and the huge July  4Th fireworks display. Best of all, it's free!	2 star
	Once enjoying my crisp cool water. Our orders were taken promptly, I ordered the chicken club and customized it with a side of coleslaw. My better half had the fish sandwich with a coleslaw as well. The food came like the wind, the coleslaw was damn good! The best. Our sandwiches couldn't have been better if Jesus himself made them. All around it was the bee's knees.	3 star
	When trying to think of where to go for a steak dinner The Greentree Inn came to mind. I had never been here in all the years of living so very close. I was glad I chose this establishment. Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place	3 star
	Nice, clean local place in Green Tree. Might be a little pricey but the food is good and homemade.	3 star
	Service wasn't very good, and their (advertised) delivery was not available (because the delivery drivers car broke down). Maybe as a sit in it would be ok but I was not impressed	1 star
	I'm usually in Pittsburgh once a year and each time I come to town I typically have Vincents. Their NY Style thin crust pizza is just awesome and the service is typically pretty good. Regular crust is good as well if you want  something a little bit thicker.	3 star
	Have mixed Vincent's.  My meal was good (spicy pasta) but service was spotty.  Another in the party had the homemade gnocchi and it was not good at all, \"tastes like dishwater\", was the quote.  Naw, that couldn't happen to homemade gnocchi, after a taste, I agreed!  Just goes to show, it depends on what you order.\n\nOh yea, the parking lot, very big but some customers parked in the entrance on both sides to make it one lane and of course when we were leaving we noticed that one guy was taping his car where it had be hit.	1 star
	Not a bad place to grab a bite for lunch. Their service can be kind of slow so dont plan on having a quick in and out lunch.\n\nGreentree does not have many options for food, which is surprising since there is so many office complexes. \n\nOverall not bad.	2 star
	The inside of Vincent's has the distinct smell of wall-to-wall carpets and fried food - not necessarily 'bad,' but certainly pungent.  I'm glad we came here on a nice afternoon when the deck was open.  \n\nWe split fried zucchini, which was delicious, sliced really thin with homemade marinara for dipping.  I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and my dining companion got the italian calzone.  Both were good - fresh ingredients and lots of them.  The portions were absolutely huge.  \n\nOverall, the service was fine - no major issues.  Good place for casual dining and good bar food.	2 star
	Overpriced, very slow service, food was decent.	1 star
	Expensive, slow, but good food if you don't mind the wait or check.	2 star
	Food is mediocre service is lousy. I'm sitting here right now and have been out of water and done eating for 20 min...	1 star
	Service was good but probably the worse pizza I've ever had.  We couldn't eat it.	1 star
	Just moved to the area so I am looking for a go to spot. Vincents isn't going to be it. The food wasn't great it was just ok. I had the italian sausage. The prices are reasonable and I got my food in a timely manner but no personal customer service. I sat at the bar and literally no attempt to have any dialogue except get my order. No other options ill go back but that's it. Or I may try pizza and have it delivered.	2 star
	Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.  The even still tie up the boxes.	4 star
	HOLY MOTHER OF DONUTS! This place is amazing. My daughter and I stop every Friday morning, and honestly, it's the highlight of my whole week. Donut holes are to die for, but everything here is good. Like other reviewers said, get here early because they go fast!	4 star
	A while back my Mom bought some donuts from here and they were really stale by the next day.  She called and mentioned something about it to them and they didn't even seem to care.  I like to try and support local business but with an attitude like they showed I have no use for them.  Doesn't seem to be any real set hours so you never know when they will be open.	0 star
	The Pennsylvania Turnpike caught me on a good day. That is, its typically unbearable narrow and worn-down roadways cluttered with \"wide loads\" in various forms were temporarily mitigated by periodic signage noting \"PA TURNPIKE: ALL TOLLS WAIVED.\"\n\nThe suspected reason for the free ride? The other major highways in Pennsylvania are shut down due to persistent piles of snow. STILL. Hey, I'm not complaining.	2 star
	What a depressing shell of a mall... \n\nI remember when it was *the* mall to go to... CompUSA, Pharmor, Kmart, Playless, Joann Fabrics, ChiChis, Giant Eagle... \n\nHell, CompUSA, ChiChis and Pharmor don't even exist anymore... I'm not sure if Kmarts are still in business. \n\nDead malls are sad, for some reason. Walking through this mall just creepy though.	0 star
	Honestly I don't consider this place a mall. I consider it to be the entryway I have to use to get into K-Mart. Sadly there are a few stores left still lingering around but hey, I'm sure the rent is reasonable considering the land is falling apart. Calling it a mall is like calling me an athlete it simply isn't true. When you can lists off the name of the stores on your fingers and still have a few left over then you need to go somewhere else.	0 star
	Oy vey! Stay away, there's nothing here to see. Kmart, Phantom of the attic and a lottery place. This mall is dead! Deader than dead, dead dead!	0 star
	Not a bad place, but here is the good an the bad.\n\nThe bad: The light in our room didn't work. It's not very close to pittsburgh. Hotel requires updating. \n\nThe good: Hotel was a great price. The gym was huge for hotel standards with large locker rooms. Decent free continental breakfast in the morning and a free two drink happy hour in the evening. Friendly staff. Free shuttle to events in the city. \n\nOverall I would stay here again.	2 star
	We stayed here in an effort to cut costs (being competitors, we are always trying to cut costs...), and we weren't disappointed.  Our room was clean, the fridge was an adequate size, and we had a microwave and coffeemaker, plus free internet.  Another bonus was that we were relatively close to the downtown area without being part of that congestion.  The decor was pretty neutral, which was a nice surprise.  The staff was also pleasant and friendly.	3 star
	The rooms are laid out weird, and for the cost the rooms are not worth it.  There are also not many place to eat around the hotel.	1 star
	Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.  Why go to the Olive Garden when Pittsburgh has so many great local Italian places?  Hey, it's convenient and the food is decent.  For lunch, Olive Garden ain't bad in a pinch!   I had business to go to near the airport and I stopped here out of necessity.\n\nI had the basic spaghetti & meatballs in marinara sauce.  Not bad.  I wish they had cups of soup 'cos the Zuppa Toscana was mighty tempting.  \n\nOkay, so I admit I like the Olive Garden.  But my husband better not take me here on date night!	2 star
	I hate Olive Garden. It makes me laugh when they ask \"how is everything?\"  I wonder what goes through their minds when I say \"The microwave did an awesome job\". I'm in town for a few days, I'm hung over and don't know where else to eat. Olive Garden is just gourmet ChefBoyArDee. You won't find me at an Olive Garden back in New Jersey!	1 star
	The service was great while we were here. The food was average. And the parking was bad.	3 star
	I normally don't like chain restaurants, but I do like eating at the Olive Garden in Greentree.  The food is pretty good here and the service is always excellent.  Although not my first choice, still quite okay.	2 star
	I ordered food that I believed was gluten free.  Within twenty minutes I started to have symptoms and was sick for two days.  I believe that my food may have been gluten free but that cross contamination caused my problem.  I had the same experience at another Pittsburgh Olive Garden restaurant and so am concluding that they may not be careful with cross contamination.	0 star
	Avoid at all costs!  They diluted my wine with water, the food was mushy, they charged me $3.25 for marinara sauce from A CAN (without informing us beforehand this injustice would be taking place)!  Typical big corporation: cut costs down to last nickel and inflate the prices so the CEO can fly in his private jet (after landing, eat at a REAL Italian restaurant) and purchase a new Bentley each year.  \n\nVisit DeBlasio's Restaurant for twice the portions; it is MUCH CHEAPER, as well.\n\nWorst experience at a restaurant... EVER!	0 star
	Ten minute wait and easily most tables are open!!! Surprise it's lunch time!!!! I just passed six tables empty and clean. Beyond me...	0 star
	oh. dear. lord. i feel so bad for the tour group from japan that was here .... this place is the dumps.  we had 2 rooms: they were supposed to be on the same floor.  nope. 2 different floors, took 6 rooms before we had 2 rooms that were NOT dirty.  One bed was unmade each day. Drunk frat rats.  AVOID.	1 star
	we checked out 4 rooms just to see what it was like, moldy ceilings,  musty smells, unclean rooms, and such a huge renovation job it should be shut down or discounted by 99%! thank god hotwire gave us a refund.	0 star
	Nightmare.  It's a ghost town. Needles in parking lot. \"Lobby\" is a hotel room with undesirables hanging around. Asked to see our rooms before checking in, given the key, room was filthy.  Saw a sticky note re: bedbugs.  Bolted, as fast as possible.	0 star
	What can I say about this place ? I have had several good experiences and several bad experiences here over the years .  All and all , you get what you see . The service is hit or miss depending on who is working . I do feel it is a bit expensive for the quality of food you get . The place is too small especially at the counter area .	2 star
	Really good bagels.  Stopped for a bagel and tea.  Place was crowded but the line moved quickly.  Had a Good Grains bagel with some cream cheese shmear.  Delicious.  Love the green iced tea!.\n\nThis place is tiny but most get it and go...no not get go! lol\n\nHave had soup and bagel sandwich in the past and it was very enjoyable.	2 star
	What a crock!   The thin bagel (with asparagus/mushrooms, swiss)...you get mostly cheese...it doesn't look at all like the picture on your website depicting a load of asparagus smothered in mushrooms...so full of it; definitely not worth the price. \n(this was the one in Greentree)	0 star
	I stopped here yesterday morning because I was attending an off-site training session.  Typical Starbucks.  On the way back, I bought some of that new Starbucks VIA instant coffee to try at the office.  VIA does not taste like brewed coffee, so Starbucks loses one star for that.	1 star
	Worst effin Starbucks on the block and their baristas suck at making drinks. Horrible customer service and they ALWAYS screw up our orders. I just don't understand why they're so lazy. I understand their comprehension level is low because of the lack of education though. But, if you hate your job, don't take it out on the loyal customers! Your life sucks, we get it, but you have ONE job at Starbucks, so do it right. It's not hard.	0 star
	MARKET SQUARE.....The slowest, most inaccurate Starbucks that I've ever seen....how can you write an order on a cup and still get it wrong....I saw 3 wrong orders (including mine) in the 25 minutes that I spent waiting...I was 4th in a line of 10	1 star
	This is the first place in Pittsburgh that has gotten my hair right. They were courteous, up front about their pricing structure, the location extremely convenient. The elevator up is a little sketchy, but the inside the salon is lovely. I am scheduling my second appointment right now!	4 star
	Very, very pleased with the service I get at MCN. I've been a customer for several years. Sara K does my hair and she's so good. She puts up with my craziness (we did purple for awhile) but also is fine when I go back to just my brunette self. I love the stylists, they're very friendly, and I find the price to be comparable with other high-end salons. The atmosphere is trendy and hip and the salon is always clean. The owner is super-friendly and is usually working. \n\nHighly recommended!\n\nThank you!	4 star
	The salon is nice, and the people were great, but I was not impressed. The haircut was mediocre, but the highlights were much worse. They didn't even cover up all of my roots! I don't know much about hair, but the place I went before I moved always made great suggestions and chose highlights that were perfectly suited for my skin color and for the season. MCN failed to do this in a big way.	1 star
	First haircut in pittsburgh, and absolutely one of my favorite cut!  I had heather, one of the senior stylist, and completely adored her. She was very personable and had constructive advice on my hairstyle.  She definitely was able to come up with the perfect style to frame my face just by listening to what I wanted.  A picture wasn't even necessary. Definitely would recommend her.  Also the salon is beautiful with a gorgeous view.  Staff was super friendly.	4 star
	Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone	0 star
	They suck!! First of all not even 24 hours after I got acrylics one broke, then they painted on the french white tips which is fine, however they did such a poor job. When I came back to ask for a refund they were very rude about it and refused to help. I have gotten my nails done almost for a year and I have never seen such a poor job. DO NOT GO HERE.	0 star
	Lots of LCD HD Screens make this a good place to check out a game. The atmosphere is a little bland, but this bar is part of the hotel it's connected to, so you can't expect it to be too crazy. All in all decent bar.	2 star
	Went here with a couple friends during a conference across the river. Service was typical for a this style restaurant, nothing spectacular.  Half off appetizers for happy hour so I got the sampler (again, nothing spectacular). Decent meal. My friend was disappointed by the his chili and the other did not really enjoy his buffalo pirogies. I might go back if I want some cheap appetizers and a beer during happy hour.  Seating outside was ok at best.	2 star
	Just above bar food but fine in a pinch.	2 star
	SoHo clearly relies on the Pirates crowd across the street, and Steelers and Pitt games. When there's a game, the place is packed. Other times, it doesn't seem so busy. The food has been OK. It's generally bar food, with an effort to be more. Execution is varied. \n\nTry the seasoned tuna sandwich with a side of parmesan risotto; just tell them how you want the tuna cooked because they don't seem to know and will overcook it.	1 star
	Stopped in for lunch before a Bucs game. Great service and food.  Hamburger was thick and juicy cooked perfectly.  Service is excellent.  I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop.	3 star
	SoHo Pittsburgh. Not SoHo NYC.  Was staying in adjoining Marriott property. Food was pleasant as was the service. Waiter was honest about the mediocre food. Crab cakes have too much filler. coworker had pork chop (seemed smaller than advertised. Dumplings were good. Wings looked okay. One at of our group had the french dip sandwich and liked it.  Deserts were pretty good.  Come with the proper expectations and you will be satisfied.	2 star
	Went here to watch the College National Champ game.  Was not as crowded as you would think but it was a Monday.  I didn't eat here.  Had a few drinks is all.  Cool place to hang out.  Would like to go here again	2 star
	If 2-stars means \"meh, I've had better\", then I'd have to give it 2 stars. I'd say if \"fine\" in the slightly pained way the means \"how about we think of someplace else. \"\n\nNow, not that it's bad, because its not. A good beer selection, nice bar clean, nice staff.  Good place to watch the last round of the Masters. But if 3 stars means A-OK, I'd have to give 2.5.  The menu is uninspired, the food is ok but expensive, the decor is a little funny. \n\nBetter places on the north shore.	2 star
	We we're not impressed. The prices are high for what is bar food with no real uptake.\n\nService was neutral both visits (stayed in attached hotel).\n\nWould be willing to grab a cocktail but definitely better options around.	1 star
	Nice looking place and the worst service i've had in the last 20 years.   After waiting 10 minutes to have a bartender at a less than half full bar acknowledge us we then ordered and the drinks arrived.  Hope you only need one round because after waiting 30 minutes to try to order a second round we paid with exact change to save us from wasting another hours of our life.   It is hard to explain how oblivious the bar tenders were.	0 star
	Very good bar in Pittsburgh's North Shore. Nice draft and bottle beer selection. Had a Pittsburgh salad and burger. Both first rate! Great service and a lively atmosphere full of friendly customers enjoying themselves. \n\nFull menu including steaks, seafood and pastas. Calling SoHo a bar is a misnomber.\n\nThere are a few mistakes you can make selecting a bar for dinner in this neighborhood. SoHo isn't one of them!	3 star
	Bar next to stadium\nTypical\nbar next to stadium place\nWaitresses def looking for other jobs \nNot happy at all\nThis isn't even a game night	1 star
	No redeeming qualities here. Schwill on tap. Food was terrible - had the pizza, mac & cheese bites, and spinach & artichoke dip.  It was hardly edible. Stay away.	0 star
	Good food but takes too long before game to get order, be sure to come early, 35 mins to get food.	2 star
	Just walking around the area and ran into this place.  Nice big screen tv's and lots of people.....not over crowded,  no wait. Still took awhile for our food to come out. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and Mr. had the quesadilla and wings. He said the quesadilla was just ok. My wrap was spicy and pretty good. Place cleared out pretty early for a Saturday night.  Overall, service was slow, staff was friendly,  and food was okay.	2 star
	Stayed @ the hotel. Ordered sirloin steaks. No steak knife, no mashed potatoes, no asparagus as ordered. So, Check your order. I mean for a 2 person $50 meal with tip I would hope the waitstaff would deliver on what was ordered & asked before we left. \n\nBut skip the 20%, $10 room service fee & http://www.sohopittsburgh.com. walk downstairs.	0 star
	Good restaurant with a diverse menu, I've been here 4 times now and always had a good meal. The Tuna appetizer is awesome, if you like heat get a burger with the ghost pepper cheese its hot but great, tuna entree is good as well as the steaks. I'll be back again.	3 star
	the salads are quite exceptional, especially for philly\n\nthe muscles are buttery goodness\n\nthe sushi is just not good, i don't care what the woman who eats there everyday cuz she lives across the street says\n\nand i think they put mayo in some of their sushi, which - however authentic - is disgusting	2 star
	Surprisingly (or not), I had a great time here.  True, this restaurant offers little bang for the buck, but that doesn't mean that the quality of food has suffered.  The sushi was surprisingly good.\n\nMy dish was a bit oily.  The risotto was nice, but was a tad big on the salty side.  That's okay, though, because I still enjoyed it.  I imagine that it'd be a great place to take someone for a date at con.	3 star
	I got the slow roasted jerk chicken (yes I know at the fish market!) and it was very very good.  For dessert I split the 'doughnut' with ice cream which was very tasty.	2 star
	Serviceable \"upscale\" chain seafood spot, with both traditional dishes and sushi.  Yes, it's expensive, but it's one of the few spots open late downtown.   The sashimi was pleasant, and it's hard to screw up oysters and seafood pasta.   Our meal basically met our admittedly low expectations.\n\nThe service is on par with your local crap-on-the-wall chain restaurant, so don't expect too much.	1 star
	Had dinner here and it was located in my hotel (Westin). Enjoyed a Lobster Bisque and a Green Curry Cod. The service was a little slow but friendly. My fish had several bones in it. The bread was sourdough with a shrimp butter. I think it was a bit pricey for a seafood restaurant. I didn't try the sushi that everyone was raving about. Where does a restaurant in Pittsburgh acquire fresh fish for sushi?	2 star
	Came in for drinks after a conference and could not get service. Finally went searching for someone, who only came back with our order after we had nearly given up. And refills on water, coffee or soda? Forget about it.	1 star
	Sushi was great.  Everyone I was with enjoyed their meal.  I will probably not go back because the location is not great.	2 star
	Terrible crab bisque. My husband liked the fish stew though.  It had lots of beans, was thick and chili-like. The rest of the lunch was so unnoteworthy, I can't remember what I ordered, though almost all of it was still on the plate at the end of lunch.  I do remember the bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day.	0 star
	One of the only places open downtown after 10 pm mid-week. Terrible service, average and overpriced food, in a hotel lobby, doesn't make a good combo.	1 star
	Had the Walu (Hawaiian butterfish), and was excellent.  Sushi was good, my friends said best ever, I thought more average.  Rock shrimp appetizer also average.  Wait staff was excellent.	2 star
	Walking around downtown we stumbled into this place for a quick dinner.  It was fairly empty and quiet (nice), our waiter was friendly, and the food was ok.  We all got sushi, which was good.  We had a delicious shrimp and balsamic appetizer, that didn't taste like balsamic, but was great none the less.  The meal was not amazing, it was pricey as expected for a hotel lobby restaurant, and it met expectations.  I wouldn't run back to this place, but I wouldn't run away, either.	2 star
	Surprised by the poor reviews here. Yes, the restaurant's interior is... strange ( cavernous, dark, and smells a bit musty ), but overall we actually enjoyed this place. The sushi was much better than expected and Olivia was a great server. If I ever come back to Pitt, I'd come here with no problem.	2 star
	DIDN'T EAT HERE...this review not about the food.  We went on Friday night around 8pm, there seemed to be about 25% occupancy.  The hostess asked us if we had a reservation, we didn't , and she told us that they were somewhat behind and that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes.  WTF?  We IMMEDIATELY left and frankly its not worth going back again.  shame, the fish was good there. Crappy hostess for sure.	0 star
	High end seafood attached to a high end hotel. I liked the large bar area where I had lunch. Tried the fish (Cod) sandwich that was fresh and high quality. Great service too. I would return again when in town for any reason.	4 star
	Not good. I suspect the servers are over worked or spread too thin b/c the service sucked. The food was ok, but nothing special. It's a shame b/c better service would have made the experience decent.	0 star
	We had our reception at The Pennsylvanian in Pittsburgh. Opening Night Caterers was our first choice and we were not disappointed!! From the first meeting, to the wonderful tasting, to the preparation and set up, to the big day, we could not have been more pleased with the service or the food. Everyone raved about it being the best wedding food ever! And the cake!! Delicious and beautiful. I would highly recommend to anyone!	4 star
	Good drinks with some run of the mill tapas. Nothing was innovative which I don't mind since it wasn't to expensive. My food taste a little burnt which is what cost it the fourth star. Overall it's worth trying and you may like it better than I did.	2 star
	SO disappointed with this place! I've been wanting to try it for some time and finally did and boy...what a letdown. I had heard that it was one of downtown's happening Happy Hour places, but on the Tuesday night I went, it was 99% empty. The menu was pretty random and everything we tried was really average. The drinks weren't anything special either.  No innovation here in the food, drinks, or decor.	1 star
	Went to an event here. The meatballs were frozen meatballs. It was ok. I probably wouldn't go back to eat.	2 star
	The menu was small and underwhelming. The flatbread pizza most likely came out of the box. They didn't have the sauces, so the gave us ketchup to go with over cooked shrimp/bacon and extremely greasy fries.	0 star
	Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right?	2 star
	I was there in November 2009, what a great little place! It's laid out like a shotgun house, long and narrow, and it fills up pretty quickly at night, but if you appreciate industrial spaces, exposed brick, etc., you'll really dig the vibe at this place. Plus, they had the Great Lakes Christmas Ale on tap, just when other places were running dry of it, so it got extra points for that! Calamari is pretty good, service was excellent. If i had one criticism, it's that the place is bit *too* dark, even for a bar -- but very clean!	3 star
	Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender, Rosie, was a sweetie and really made us feel welcomed in this steely town.	2 star
	Sooo blacked out here that\nWe heckled the guitarist.\nNot sorry. He sucked.	3 star
	I went here couple of month ago for late night drink. \nI was a little drunk when I went in here, just a little bit, so I don't recall things quite precisely but I liked the atmosphere.\nDim lighting which I liked.\nFriendly staff.\nNothing special for drinks.	2 star
	I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender/waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold, and if you even say it with an apologetic smile, most customers will understand. Food was fine, won't go back for fear of the server.	1 star
	Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended.	3 star
	Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young, fun, party like atmosphere. Convenient to cultural district.	3 star
	Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.	3 star
	Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.	0 star
	A beautiful little bar with an exciting \"martini\" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks.	4 star
	Great atmosphere, took us even though we were an hour early for our reservation, the steak salad was amazing. Service was awesome. Only thing that could have made it better was more tv's for football that was on!	3 star
	This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends, the lounge upstairs is a good choice. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced with happy hour specials M-F. ($2 off all martinis and half price buffalo chicken spread)	3 star
	We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale, but in hindsight I would have preferred a Guinness. The ambiance was suitably cave-like as a good bar should be.	2 star
	This bar is cramped, overpriced, and the service is unbelievably slow. Happy Hour runs 4-6, so you'll show up at 5, have no place to sit or stand, and will only be able to get *maybe* 2 drinks during happy hours You'll then be told that the upstairs (which is actually not bad) will be opening at 5, even though you're asking at 5:20 (this has seriously happened all three times I've been there).\n\nSeriously, avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour, direct them anywhere else.	0 star
	So I decided to surprise my fianc\u00e9 one night by taking her here(because we've been talking about doing so for a while). We both got martinis and the nachos and buffalo spread apps. The martinis were just ok, and the food was very basic and nothing special. I will give the place another try and get some non appetizers next time and hope the bartender is a bit better at mixing the drinks.	1 star
	My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist!	4 star
	After hearing about their cocktails, some colleagues and I came hear work for dinner and drinks. The drink menu is very extensive with lots of interesting options. S'mores, and cotton candy cocktails do not appeal to me but my friends who do enjoy them, loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist, is on the older side- it was entertaining being the only group of 20 something's there.	2 star
	Fantastic martinis!!	3 star
	Nice location, interesting cocktail menu, but nothing is done particularly well. I still go there, but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients.	2 star
	Completely agree with Deborah: decent sandwich on absolutely horrible bread - mealy tomato and brown lettuce, too.  I know it was only $4/$7 for a 6\"/12\" sub, but it was pretty bad.  (I bought a 12\", intending to take half home for later, but I wound up throwing the second half away, and I NEVER throw away food.)  \n\nAs a Italian grocery, it seems okay, but the attitudes are a little snippy, and it's a pretty grungy-looking place.	0 star
	$3.00 fresh baked Italian loaf, need I say more.  The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.  They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!	4 star
	Don't go if you want a nice dining environment.  To say the furnishings in the dining area are spartan would be an understatement.\nBut, the food is fantastic.  Fresh made, fairly priced, and delicious.  Get a dessert cookie or cannoli to round out your lunch.  \nI hit this place every time I'm in Pittsburgh.  Everyone hears about Primanti's (which is good, dont get me wrong), but this place is every bit as good.	3 star
	The italian coldcut sub was a travesty! Lots of STALE bread with skimpy meat portions, and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!	0 star
	Better than most transit systems in cities of this size. It gets you where you need to go, the bus fleet is reasonably new and clean, but there are some serious flaws.\n\nLack of a clear vision for the future (AKA a REAL rail system!?), and smart fare cards (which is supposedly coming). \n\nAlso, the unions need to stop strangling the cash out of the Port Authority. I mean seriously......bus drivers making 90k a year? Something is wrong with that.	2 star
	Very nice cheap quick bus service to airport. (28X).  but i think i've found out what happens to all the old buses in Seattle, they are shipped to Pittsburgh, old polluting diesel buses seem to be the norm.\n\nthey also run the inclines, which are pretty cool if not old.	3 star
	It worked, it was on time, and the 28x got me where i was going for all of $2.60. Besides that it was freezing cold, loud, and the older bus seats were fairly uncomfortable, I can't really complain. \n\nWe did arrive 5 minutes early for a bus that never came. The next one arrived on schedule, but it was raining so we spent 20 minutes in the rain. \n\nThat said, we took the bus many more times reliably than that one time when it didn't show.\n\nOverall, a pretty good system.	2 star
	First time in Pittsburgh, from Chicago. \n\n1. NO ONE SEEMS TO KNOW HOW THE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM WORKS.\n2. What is with the silly system of paying on your way out sometimes? It seems like the dumbest idea ever.\n3. Where are the reloadable transit cards?\n4. Why are the conductors so incredibly angry?\n5. Why do I need to request a stop on the \"T\"?\n\nOf the public transportation systems I've used, this is definitely the most confusing so far. Even if the website had an easier to understand fare explanation.\n\nLearn from the CTA. I have a new appreciation for Chicago Transit Authority.	0 star
	Fares keep going up. Another service cut this month. I think I'd rather walk to work in the middle of the night!	1 star
	4.5 stars????   Really?????  Based on what?   The food is okay, but not great; standard breakfast diner fare.  The staff is friendly.  The prices are all right for what you get.  What I found most annoying was the uncomfortable seating.  The seats at the counter were torn and tilting off the base.  The booths were fast-food style: hard and tight.  It's as if they designed the seating to be uncomfortable so that you wouldn't linger.	1 star
	Good hangover breakfast. HUGE portions. ANGRY service. Get the sausage.	2 star
	My heart is still trying to get back into regular running mode.. The portions from this place are insane.  Food is delicious, decor looks like a dirty truck stop.  \n\nThe omelets are INSANE, bigger than my head.. speaking of things bigger than my head.. the Sausage patties are in fact that large.  \n\nService is what you'd expect, pretty good for an overworked crew.	4 star
	Not a bad store for a few tough-to-find Middle Eastern items, and the price is right.  Because Labad's doesn't appear to be as popular a destination as other stores in the area, some shelves are scantily stocked, and some items look a bit battered and dusty.  Still, this is the place to go for canned fava beans and Turkish delight.\n\nLabad's also offers tasty, filling falafel wraps or gyros for super cheap.	2 star
	The store is small, but it carries specialties that are difficult to find in Pittsburgh. I was particularly excited to find middle eastern chili sauce and chocolate covered Turkish delights.	3 star
	Not a bad place to pick up supplies for Mixology class! In fact, quite coincidentally, several of us ran into each other doing just that.\n\nBasic bar supplies, glasses, bottles, just about whatever you need, but just the basic stuff...but what else would you expect? For the cool stuff, there are plenty of online places to get your fancy on.\n\nWhere they shine is in restaurant supplies! Check it out....fun place to forage!	2 star
	God I miss this place. Best sandwiches in the Burgh. If you are down near the Strip, you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich.	4 star
	Dude. A meal on Mancini Bros. bread. Not much to say, except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can.	3 star
	The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.	0 star
	Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.	3 star
	Stopped in here while passing through Pittsburgh without knowing anything about the city or this establishment. Like gnats, we were attracted to Primati because their neon sign was... pretty.... soooooo pretty!\n\nAnyway, stopped in here and order the Pittsburgh cheesesteak which was quite tasty. We also got the Cajun chicken sandwich with cheese... because everything there comes with cheese. Everything. Need salt? Even that has cheese on it. It's kinda awesome.\n\nAnyway, both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh, hopefully for longer than a few hours.	3 star
	Worst sandwich on Earth.\nI'd rather eat a dead whore.\nPlease...never come here.	0 star
	i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl, Seattle vs Pittsburgh yeah!!!	2 star
	The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich, I found myself adding salt and ketchup.  Regardless of the sandwich not living up to expectations, I would go back if I lived in the area because it is a really pleasant place with draft beer and some outdoor seating.	2 star
	There were French fries on my sandwich!\nThis is my first time in PA, so I wasnt sure what to expect when we were sent to Market Square for \"the greatest sandwich in the world!\"\n\nThe prices were dead on - about 6$ for a sandwich and 1.5$ for a tea.  I split a ham and cheese with my friend and we both left full.  I had the cole slaw (which was more like sauerkraut) and it was yummy.\n\nI am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable, even after the lunch rush ended.	3 star
	The fries and 'slaw piled into all of the sandwiches is a cool local niche, but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise.	2 star
	an efficient way to eat - meat, cheese, fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite.	3 star
	I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich), yummy vinegary cole slaw that made the sandwich refreshing, tomato, swiss, and of course french fries in the sandwich.  It was a good, ginormous sandwich just not as AMAZING as I thought it would be... If I come back to Pittsburgh I'd probably come back to try a different sandwich.	2 star
	Okay, I'm a heretic. I'm prepared to be stoned by the fundamentalists.\n\nA native sent me here, an apparent Pittsburgh landmark. My wife and I are not cole slaw fans, so we ordered our hot sausage sandwich sans slaw.\n\nWhat I got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich. The fries were lifeless and the hot sausage was not not. The bread was devoid of texture and flavor.\n\nSo, yeah, I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw, this is the place to go, but if you don't, keep walking. Service was indifferent, at best.	1 star
	My first time at Primanti Bros in Pittsburgh, PA.  I was not impressed with my sandwich there.  I've only been once so maybe I ordered the wrong thing but it just wasn't blowing my skirt up.\n\nI ordered the corned beef sandwich with the fries and slaw and it tasted a little bland to me.  It needed some sauce.  I think with some mustard this might have been great.  It was dry.  I did enjoy the cole slaw.\n\nThe service was fast and the server we had was very friendly and attentive.	1 star
	After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!	0 star
	I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude, arrogant, and just nasty.  Plus when is the last time a broom has been taken to the floors?  (I'm reviewing the Monroeville one here).	1 star
	When I told people I was going to Pittsburgh, everyone recommended Primanti Bros. I went and was underwhelmed. It was a big sandwich, but the flavour was not amazing. I also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me. As a Chicago native, I feel it's the equivalent of people recommending Giordano's or Portillo's. They're not exactly the greatest places in town, but they're well-known and popular for one reason or another. Do it just to say you did.\n\nI don't like coleslaw.	1 star
	I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband.	4 star
	eh.\n\nGo here once to say you did. You'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it. It will be pretty huge. That is all.\n\nI might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then.	1 star
	The legendary Primanti Bros.  I believe I had been to Pittsburgh 10+ times before my first visit.  That being said I'm (a) glad I went (b) ok with it taking that long (c) really enjoyed the roast beef and cheese (d) easily would have paid more than the $7 ticket price (e) definitely need to hit the treadmill tomorrow and (f) thankful to not live next door.\n\nOverall, a good local experience.  No burning desire to hit em up the next time in Pittsburgh, but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices, that's what they are.	2 star
	Based on what I've read on yelp, I tried the Pastrami.  The cole slaw, fries, meat, and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor, texture, quantity, and presentation.  Ordered a couple of Yuenglings to wash it all down...not bad.	3 star
	When i told everyone I was going to Pittsburgh - Primanti Bros is one place everyone said I should try.\n\nPrimanti Bros.'s sandwich = meat + cole slaw + french fries\n\nI ordered the pastrami and it was really good! The pastrami was lean and warm. I'm not a big fan of cole slaw but their cole slaw was pretty good. It was more like pickled vegetable; the pieces were big instead of chopped up finely which i liked. The french fries were a bit of a challenge to keep inside though.\n\nI would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!	2 star
	So had a short stop at pittsburgh before heading out to the airport and decided to go on a food adventure...  After getting lost and going to the closed location, I finally found this one at market square.  I paid for parking and boy was it worth it!\n\nThe classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it.	4 star
	yikes!! just make sure you don't go there during lunch. it's def a ton of food and sure cause for afternoon food coma. \n\nthe food itself was delish. never really thought of putting everything, including the sides, in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if/when you're out there.	3 star
	Maybe the expectations were too high, but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce, but I expected better.	1 star
	I heard from everyone that the Primanti sandwiches are the quintessential Pittsburgh food. \n\nWe scored a nice seat outside and indulged in some Iron Hill beer that was on special for $2 for a  20 oz beer. The sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive.\n\nBe warned that everything here comes with french fries, even the salads.	1 star
	Really bad service. Make sure to get in the face of the wait staff or count on being ignored	0 star
	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich, not on the side.  Idea was born out of truckers wanting a meal they could eat on the road.  Yes, if you are in PIT you should probably go once just to say you've been there.  That being said, I have been a number of times and tried a number of different sandwiches and to be honest they all were fairly bland.  Lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion.	1 star
	Never heard of this place. Only heard/went there because my dad wanted to.\n\nGreat atmosphere. Server was very good. Overall great service. Beer selection was OK. Low price for lots of food.\n\nHad the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most \"fat sandwiches,\" when you add French Fries to a sandwich, they leave it with little flavor.	2 star
	I thought it was solid.  I got the Pittsburgher with an Iron City.  I had to experience Primanti and I enjoyed it.  \nService was good on a Friday afternoon, Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?	2 star
	Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall, it's a tasty place with good prices	3 star
	This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries, cole slaw, and tomatoes all squeezed between two soft slices of freshly-cut Italian bread. Rather than cool, mayo-based slaw, an Italian oil-based slaw is used that adds a spicy zing to the sandwich. It's a great meal on the go for game day, or you can watch it on one of the TVs surrounding the bar. It's a greasy handful, but you don't go to Primanti's to be healthy. You go to be full.	2 star
	Fries and cole slaw in the sandwich was interesting...pretty good. Don't come here if you don't like messy food. My sandwich kind of fell apart. Also, they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash), and have fun trying to find parking near it!	2 star
	I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant.	1 star
	It was a decently filling sandwich, but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch, but would I come here again? Probably not.	2 star
	ate at the one in North Versailles. floor filty, all young kids running the place, poor service, poorly made sandwich, very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks	0 star
	my friends at Pittsburgh said that it must a try! that was I went there! I had an steak sandwich, greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it, but it was fun! apparently pitts folks really love fries :)	3 star
	it's been close to 5 years since i've had primanti's, but after being disgusted by a knock off in chicago (i'm talking about you Lucky's).. i had to come back to give props to primanti's.\n\ni don't remember what i ordered, but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w/o skimping out on the meats and w/ a good ratio of meats, fries, and slaw.	4 star
	I was very excited to go here because of all the buzz about this place.  To be honest this place was not that good at all.  The sandwiches, although unique, were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it.	1 star
	So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches), they came out cold - and I'm not just talking about the meat, lettuce, tomatoes - everything was cold including the fries.  What a disappointment.  Head to DiBellas - much better service, subs and sandwiches.	0 star
	I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh.	2 star
	Underwhelming is one word that comes to mind. The meat tasted cheap, the fries were soggy and the sandwich as a whole was pretty tasteless.\nMaybe my expectations were just too high, I don't know. I went bc I had to, but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town.	1 star
	Just writing a review makes my mouth water. I've only been once but I got one of the well-known pastrami sandwiches loaded with fries and cole slaw. It's huge, and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network, which is a big deal to a food dork like me.	4 star
	I have seen many food show on the Primati famous sandwich, so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh.	3 star
	I am a foodie so when I travel, I must try foods that are famous in the city that I visit. So, Primati Bros is a must on my Pittsburgh trip. Well, I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time, I will try the pastrami. My friend had the pastrami, and it looked tastier.	3 star
	Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the \"hype\" and while it was filling for $7 bucks, it just did not satisfy a craving...I had the corned beef.	1 star
	I think I made the mistake of coming here sober. Primanti's is great if you've had a few. Oddly, this location closes at midnight so it's late night food without late night hours.\n\nThis location is much smaller than the others. There's no good way to get a group of 8+ people together here.\n\nIt's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it.	2 star
	Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.	3 star
	I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread, and everything in general, was excellent. I would give this place 5 stars instead of 4, but the server was a little out-of-it and didn't get our order right in a couple ways.	3 star
	Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna	3 star
	I heard good things..after all Primanti Brothers have developed a nice chain in the area.\n\nGreat service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain.	2 star
	Good sandwiches as you expect, but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!	3 star
	I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat/cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience.	2 star
	Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge, but the fries they stuff the sandwiches with are very dry and soggy, and not crispy at all! This is definitely one of those restaurants you go to, just to say you have!	2 star
	Disappointed, big time.\n\nLocal info lauds this place as an institution.\n\nI say: pass.  The sandwich was soggy, bland, and just all-around not good.\n\nI didn't get sick from it, so that's a bonus.  \n\nChoose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead, and order a sandwich there.	1 star
	Nice menu and good service \nI recommend	3 star
	I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it.  Tonight was my second attempt here.   First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me at 10 minutes, at 15 I walked.  Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff.   Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I didn't know what I wanted to order.  After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha.	0 star
	This joint makes excellent sandwiches. \n\nI ordered the fish sandwich and it was delicious! First off, its huge, and cheap. They stuff the sandwiches with cole slaw and fries (yummy). \n\nYou really can't go wrong here. \n\nThe place is usually packed to the brim, so you need to get in early before it gets full, which it will. Once it gets busy, the service gets worse. \n\nIf you're in the area, its definitely worth a try.	3 star
	Had lunch here while visiting friends in the area .... After seeing all the hype about this place on various tv food shows I was very excited to eat hear . WOW ,,, what a dissapointment , This place is so over hyped it isnt funny . To compare this place to the famous sandwich places is NYC is a joke . The sandwiches may be big , but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment .	0 star
	If you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them, go for it.   But no good sandwich needs nonsense like that.  These are not very good sandwiches to begin with and adding soggy fries doesn't help.  Not to mention the bread is not fresh and is just a thick, bland wonder-bready thing.  \n\nI appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper, but I don't think the quality is there.	1 star
	I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland, nothing had seasoning, not even basic salt. Soggy fries, tasteless meat, average coleslaw on white bread trying to double for Italian bread. Save your time, money and calories and go to Wendy's instead.	0 star
	This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.	1 star
	I like sandwich and stuff as much as anyone else. this place was pretty good. The prices were good also. the staff was good. Everything worked out the way it should. There were no negative surprise. No poistive surprises either. It was a nice resturant.	2 star
	Returned to Pittsburgh, Ate at Primanti a 2nd time:\n\nI stand by my decision: Pass.	1 star
	Got a sandwich to go so I can't give a full review but when I ate it, the fries were soggy and SOO greasy.  I had the bag in my purse and the grease leaked through and eventually broke the bag.  Really want to eat in there next time since everyones sandwiches looked yummy.\n\nTheir vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service.	2 star
	I heard this place stacks fries and cole slaw onto your sandwich so I gotta try it. I ordered the drunk duck drink and it was fantastic. I got to keep the little rubber ducky on top of my drink too :)  As for the sandwich, I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood.	3 star
	Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water, there's a lot of good things going on in the ingredients...In theory, this should've resulted in a bold flavor taste explosion, but I found myself severely let down by all of the bland ingredients piled high in front of me.  The pastrami was terrible, the coleslaw weak, and the fries were bland, dry, and flavorless.  Still bummed, my guess is that this place I more of a tourist draw now than a legit sandwich shop.	1 star
	Had to try this while in Pittsburgh. Ate the first half of my sandwich with the slaw & the fries but by the time I got to the second half I took the fries off because they were cold. I had the pastrami & asked for extra cheese. Didn't get the extra cheese. Feel like the sandwiches are missing something. Might be good with a thousand island dressing or \"secret sauce\". \n\nUnderwhelmed but still recommend trying it at least once for the experience.\n\nMarket square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear.	2 star
	Primanti bros has the best corned beef sandwich in the east, and the coleslaw, fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection.	4 star
	Alright so being from Texas I'm used to lots of seasoning, lots of flavor, and lots of heat if things are supposed to be spicy.  This sandwich shop lacks all of those things.  This was my first shot at local food (I think it's local, that's what I was told), and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another \"local\" joint if you have an option.	1 star
	Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor	1 star
	i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that, i  totally get grabbing a Primanti Bros if you are in Pitt.	1 star
	First time going...and I LOVED IT! Great service, tasty food, and a \"hometown\" ambiance. I'm not from Pittsburgh, but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w/ my girlfriend.	4 star
	First Yelp review ever. Not impressed at all! 45% bread, 25% cole slaw, 25% fries, and 5% meat. The bread is cold and not grilled or warmed on the grill. Avoid and eat else where. Don't even think about the wings (dry and no flavor).	0 star
	I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!	1 star
	The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me, so here's another star for giving a damn. Thanks!	2 star
	Definitely didn't live up to the expectations.  Being from the east coast I've had my fair share of delicious sandwiches.  Stopped in for lunch and had the capicola sandwich.  Outside of the bread I can't say it was memorable in any way.\n\nThat said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more.	1 star
	Well, now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry, and you can't taste the meat at all.	1 star
	Had the second best seller which was really good.   A nice carb coma from the italian bread and fries.  A great mix of salty from the meat and those aforementioned fries with the sweet from the slaw!  \n\nThe service was good so why only three stars?  Well, when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint.	2 star
	This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more.	2 star
	The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends, catch a game and chow down.	2 star
	customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically, this place is like Dr. Pepper soda. People are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous.	1 star
	I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is \"Oh Man, you HAVE to go to Primanti's\".  Sorry, I guess it's just not my thing.  It's not horrible once I take off all the french fries they pile up, but it's definitely not my thing.	1 star
	The sandwiches are interesting and the fries in them are interesting.\n\nI don't like fries or potatoey fries, mostly just the crispy ones.\n\nThe sandwich was good and quick but because I'm not a huge fan of fries it wouldn't make sense for me to go back.\n\nIt also was super crowded.	2 star
	I don't care for Primanti brothers.  It is overrated.  There are much better sandwiches in the city.\n\nThe sandwiches aren't bad, they just aren't great.  I like the fries.  I like the vinegar based cole slaw.  Both are great.  The white bread is fine.  My issue is with the main ingredients.  The main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality.\n\nMy other issue is their restaurants are all filthy.  I've been to 4 different Primanti locations and each one just seems greasy.\n\nBetter Pittsburgh Sandwich Alternatives:\nFathead's has a sandwich with kielbasa and pierogies.\nWingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw.	1 star
	I've eaten here several times.  Their pizza is good.  The only annoying thing is the small fountain drinks that come with the lunch specials (and no refills).  But the best thing, that brings me back time after time, is their chicken salad.  Its topped with crisp fries - Pittsburgh style - plus melted mozzarella cheese.  Divine.  Just a warning - don't make a mistake thinking the steak salad is just as good.  The steak has a musty taste.	3 star
	My office often gets Pizza delivered from Monte Cello's. The crust is thin and the pizza is decent.  I have gone there a few times for lunch to grab a few slices of pizza (with others). I agree that the small fountain drinks with no refills is annoying.  If I am going to eat in, I prefer Villa Reale on Smithfield.  You can get slices during lunch if you sit at the counter.	2 star
	I'm picky about the quality of meat, so I was disappointed when I specifically asked if the chicken parmesan sub had whole breast meat, the cashier said yes, then it turned out to be school cafeteria style chicken patty with bread crumb filler. Yuck, I should've trusted my gut and ordered the eggplant parm. K got the Italian sub. It was \"ok, not the greatest.\" I recommend trying a different \"cheap eats\" if you're downtown.	1 star
	Awesome tortillas, awesome salsa, pretty good selection of Latin American food products (mostly Mexican, but lots of S./Central American and Caribbean).  I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta, but this is the best one I've found in the 'burgh.  Prices are average for the Strip and Pittsburgh, but a little high for a Hispanic grocery store.	3 star
	Their tacos are alright but their groceries are kind of expensive. I've never seen a can of Goya brand beans priced at $1.50. I mean it seems like a little thing, but they couldn't have been more than $.89 a can in San Francisco, where everything else is totally unaffordable.	1 star
	I think this should be more like 1.5 stars. I got a 6-pack of tamales. They were more expensive than I would've guessed (I sort of had to, considering they weren't priced). First I open the package and low-and-behold this bag of six tamales, in fact, contains only five! The filling is fine, but the masa blows. It is dry and gritty. The preparation instructions seem questionable (microwave in a plastic bag? Really?). I'm saving the remaining ones for when I'm too drunk to care about anything. The tortillas are still worth it.	1 star
	Just moved out to Pittsburgh from San Diego and I was so shocked to find they serve Carne Asada here. This shop is a life saver when I want to have some authentic mexican food.	4 star
	Beans, glorious, beans! So many many beans. Great Northern, Black, Kidney, Pinto, Pink (pink?), etc. etc. and so forth.\n\nOk ok, Reyna's is more than beans. Lots of different types of dried chillies, prepared salsas, chorizos, frozen tamales, different types of soda pop and drinks that you won't find in a regular grocers. \n\nI haven't tried the taco stand yet but the coup de grace of the grocers itself though is the fresh tortillas, both corn and flour. Delicious! (And beans).	3 star
	Good: Mexican groceries in Pittsburgh\nBetter: The chipotle tomatillo salsa, homemade by Edgar.\nBest. The taco stand.  Seriously, if you're here, get a damn taco.	3 star
	Being from LA, I was disappointed with the tacos. The Carne Asada was bland and didn't think this is authentic Mexican food but another street faire.	0 star
	The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.	4 star
	Very good Mexican place! I got the enchiladas verdes which were a little too spicy for me but very good. My boyfriend got a steak quesadilla which was AMAZING! I wish I ordered it. Friendly staff and comfortable setting!\n\nBeen here twice... The second time I ordered the guacamole which they made fresh in front of u! We loved it and will order it again.	3 star
	This is a top-notch mexican grocery, albeit a small one. They sell corn and flour tortillas made on location that will change your life. They also make a variety of fresh salsas and dips. It also has a good selection of hot sauces and pre-packaged salsas. There is a small selection of produce to and other groceries you need but might not find at regular grocery stores. Overall a must-visit if you're making some Mexican.	4 star
	I went there on a Saturday afternoon by myself and wanted to sit out front.  The host made fun of me!  Said \"aw, that's too bad\" when I said it was just me.  No, it is perfectly fine in my book!\n\nI got the lobster roll, plenty of lobster on a garlic bread roll.  It was just ok.  \n\nThe most annoying part was the host kept coming out to talk to me.  I really just wanted to chill out by myself, not get hit on by the creepy host!	2 star
	I went here for the first time on Saturday night. I had to go & try the famous Giant Fish Sandwich! When it arrived, I was impressed. The fish was even bigger than I expected & the batter was perfect. Also, the beer menu is lengthy! They serve beers from almost every corner of the world! I thought about trying something new, but turns out I was homesick for a good old Pennsylvania beer... :) Roland's is definitely a cool place in my book. I'll be back! :P	3 star
	OMG what a nightmare. I was there last saturday at 9pm with a group of 10 people in the second floor bar area. The bartenders acted like it was a big inconvience that we were there. ordered drinks and didnt even get a thank you. the bar was dirty and littered with dirty glasses. The restrooms were filthy and didnt even have toliet paper . We left the bar and spent a HUGE anoun of money up the street.. I will never go back.	0 star
	Another place that I visit once every few years thinking it couldn't be as bad as I remember it.  And the place NEVER lets me down; it's just as bad as I remember.  The seafood is breaded and fried to the point of inedible.  The staff is rude.  The prices are too high for the quality.  Just all around disappointing.	0 star
	My scallops were luke-warm yet overcooked.  The carrots on my salad looked like they had been sitting in the bottom of a fridge for weeks. \n\nThe first time I dined here, I was unimpressed with their lobster roll (which is simply a hollowed-out white roll filled with lobster.  bread and seafood, that's IT).  Today, I was unimpressed with everything.\n\nExcept the woman two tables over who laughed like cigar-smoking circus clown and looked like Patrick Swayze in drag.  That was pretty awesome.	1 star
	I hesitate to even write this review because technically we didn't eat here.  But after reading the other reviews, I thought \"Eh, what the hell.\"\n\nWe came in and were seated at 5:45pm for desserts/drinks.   By 6:05, we still hadn't seen our waitress.  We decided it wasn't worth it and just left.\n\nI did eat here a month ago, and yes -- the fried fish was fried to the point where it was beyond greasy.  And then to pay around $20 for that?  LOL.  Right.\n\nI won't be back.	0 star
	Went to this place for lunch last Saturday, party of five. The service was extremely slow and every beer we tried to order, got the response \"We are out of that one\". \n\nFinally when we got our sandwiches (after a long wait) but no coleslaw and fries were soggy and stale. When asked the waitress for coleslaw (which is supposed to be the side with every sandwich), the response was \"I think we are out, but let me check\". And the waitress didn't return until after we were done eating. \nForget about getting a refill for your drink or water..	0 star
	Messy floors but quick waiter	2 star
	Extremely Slow Service!   We have eaten here many times and, while the fish sandwich is great, the staff and management have yet to figure out how to manage the tables. This establishment can become quite busy and, if you don't aggressively pursue service, you are likely to wait 20 minute or more just to get a menu.  This is particularly true if you are sitting in one of the outside areas.	1 star
	As others have said, nice location and sitting on the patio is nice in the warm sunny months, but the food is not anything special.  Fried seafood, decent lobster roll, other non-impressive dishes.  good for a few drinks and a quick bite if in the area.	1 star
	I would give this restaurant 0 stars if I could.  The food was lousy, the drinks were expensive, and the service was awful.\n\nI complained to the manager about my experience and he told that if I didn't like it, there were plenty of other bars in The Strip District.\n\nPlease, please, please go somewhere else.	0 star
	I was only here for drinks, on a Saturday night.  It was decent - the drinks were fairly mixed and priced.\n\nThe atmosphere was a bit lacking.  There isn't much personality here, and for a Saturday, I would have expected a bit more of a crowd.  Overall, not bad if you're in the area for a drink; but not a destination.	2 star
	The Lobster Roll Caesar Salad was very good, and the service at the bar was great!	2 star
	this place reeks of fish when you walk in and there are fruit flies everywhere.  Good place to dine if you're on a diet since you will surely lose your appetite.\n\nIf you find yourself at Rolands, do yourself a favor and leave and dine anywhere else in the Strip District.  Seriously.	0 star
	If I had to chose between dining at Roland's again, or having to catch running chainsaws that were tossed at me I'd pick dining at Rolands but only by the slimmest of margins.\n\nWhy on earth did I go back to this restaurant?  Clearly, I must not love myself or something.\n\nWant to pay too much money for fish that smells like a sewer?  Dine at Roland's.  The only reason to be at Rolands is to drink there.  they have a pretty decent beer selection.	0 star
	Stopped in for a pint.  Had some pizza (was OK) and hit another place.	2 star
	Hey. This place is deeeeeeeeCENT.\n\n(look, check it out for happy hour. 60 cent oysters? uhmfuckyea)\n\nI dislike strip dizzle bars but you could pick worse. Actually, ok. This review is based on going to happy hour. I am down with 60 cent oysters, clams, shrimp, and wings. Average beer selection, but you can find a few gems.	2 star
	Love the lobster roll.  I like to stop in here on Mondays for 0.60C raw oysters and a bloody hoe.  Makes a great after work/pre work-out snack.	2 star
	we went three for st, patrick day. Two harps bottle beers and 12 oyster costs $40.	1 star
	Came here with a bunch of friends on a Friday night to watch the pens game. They have a nice atmosphere and relatively good service considering it was dinner time. A few more tvs and a few more tables would give it at least one more star. One strange thing I have to mention is that they did not have any beer specials during happy hour? Not sure if this is normal, but I thought it was weird for a sports bar type restaurant . Although $.60 oysters was nice during happy hour.	2 star
	Went on a Wednesday night, not crowded at all. Had to get up and go find someone to wait on our table....overheard who was supposed to be our server telling the hostess she didn't wait on us because she didn't want another table. The food was good, lobster roll and fish sandwiches were great. Service was just awful.	1 star
	Lobster roll was awesome.  There was a Moosehead beer cap in our fries and the waitress' response was, \"That must be from the beer batter.  I will give them hell.\"   I wasn't looking for a free meal but an apology from someone would have been appropriate.	1 star
	Not as good as Wholeys but awesome patio and the best service. Go here for the atmosphere, the staff is the best.	3 star
	Roland's was recommended by hotel. Service was terrible. Food was cold. Brick oven pizza cold.... Asked to have it reheated , still came back cold. Steak was way over cooked. Never got appetizer we ordered, but was charged for it.  Was not busy but waitress was hard  to find. Would not go back and would not recommend this place to anyone.	0 star
	Decided to try it for dinner as we were walking around the strip.  Good selection of beers too.\n\nStarted with mussels and they were very good.  Sherry butter sauce w lots of garlic.\n\nWe each had the seafood stew for dinner...tried to get beyond the lobster roll which is their signature dish\n\nStew was full of seafood.  Lobster,  clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp.  Good size portion at reasonable price.\n\nSauce was excellent and had just enough of a spice to have a nice tasting after bite but did not drown out the cream, old bay and sherry.\n\nWe will definitely be back.	4 star
	I love Roland's happy hour! It's for a raw bar rather than the actual bar. 60 cent oysters, clams, cocktail shrimp, and wings. It's good and you can't beat the price. The downfall? The clams i got steamed and they were a little over done, and the oysters were left attached to the shell. But for 60 cents, I can deal with taking them Off myself. As far as service? We sat at the bar, he wasn't very friendly or rude, just meh. But the food came out in a timely manner.	2 star
	I gave this place a 3 star because the service and drinks are great. It's a great place to have a beer with friends  but the food is gross....	2 star
	The bar has a nice selection of beers. The Irish bartender who works Monday nights is extremely welcoming and friendly.  \n\nFor food I tried the raw bar happy hour. The oysters were alright but nothing special. The shrimp were quite small, probably U-20 count which for Shrimp Cocktail is tiny. The wings were very disappointing. Extremely small and flavorless. And finally the steamed clams were CHEWY. \n\nIn recap, come here for the beers and the nice bartenders. The food you can do without.	2 star
	Not bad but not great either.  I tried the lobster roll and the bloody mary which we were informed as we walked in the Roland's was \"famous\" for.  Both were good but nothing spectacular.  I was also here quite some time ago and remember them having good pizza though.\n\nOne thing to note is that they have a really large selection of beer both on draft and in bottles.	2 star
	We wanted to eat there today. Waited for about 10 minutes at the entrance. No hostess coming up. Then she shows up saying that she will be back in another second. After additional 5 minutes we ask her what's going on. She did not apologize and says that it will take another 30 minutes. Really??!! Not the nice way to treat a party of 4 wanting to spend some money.	0 star
	Meh. \n\nClam chowder was big and OK.  Veggie sandwich had great,  greasy, grilled Mancini bread but came with soggy fries and was mediocre overall. \n\nOur waitress told us she was new at least 20 times so she wasn't much help in recommending any dishes. \n\nI probably won't go back again.  For $25 a person,  I can do better elsewhere \n.	1 star
	Rough experience today - had one drink and left. Waited 15-20 minutes for service and it is not busy. When I said something - everyone wanted to blame someone else - waitress couldn't describe beer and didnt iffer to find out or sample it - brought 12 year old son a pop in a little kids cup. Waitress did apologize for cup but it was too late - chose to leave.	0 star
	Poor excuse for seafood!   The place is overrated.  Good place to have drinks on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon-but that's about it.  The employees are anything but friendly. Unless you sit at the bar, the service is poor. Isn't even that great at the bar.  If you want good seafood, go a couple blocks up the street to Luke Wholeys.  So much better quality!  This place is definitely not for those with sophisticated palates!	1 star
	We figured we'd give it a try even though the reviews weren't great.  Brother in law enjoyed his wings and the beer wasn't bad.  Bartender was helpful.	2 star
	Usually I really like this place.  Stopped in after not eating all day, and ordered the \"famous\" lobster roll.  It took 40  minutes to receive a medium piece of lobster claw on thick Mancino toast.  THATS IT!  Oh and less than stellar fries, with a cup of cole slaw.  I waited with an empty pint glass several times as well...I guess you can't get it right every time.	1 star
	Not bad.  Not great.  But not bad.   Excellent bang for your buck, especially if you're hungry.	2 star
	The first part in realizing that you have a problem is to admit it, well I have a coffee addiction. This place makes it very easy to feed my cravings by having a huge selection of regular and decaf coffees. I also think that the prices are reasonable and the staff is a lot of fun. I thank them for searching high and low when I request some coffees that may not be their biggest seller but I want to try. Stop in coffee lovers you will not be disappointed.	4 star
	Great coffee and Tea selection.  Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...	3 star
	I knew it was going to be a fail as I watched the 'Barista' slopping together a latte for the customer in front of me.  I ordered a coffee of the day instead--meh, I've had better.  My wife got a soy latte:  he dumped the milk in, without technique, and over-heated the milk.  It was a watery, soppy mess.  \n\nWe want Nicholas to be great--or now, better.  Train the staff!	1 star
	I'd heard good reviews, so I stopped in last time I was downtown, but I'm not impressed by their coffee. Dark roasted, bitter, etc. If I'm looking for coffee downtown, I'd go find that 21st St. Coffee branch instead. Still, they sell a bunch of other neat snacks and stuff, and it beats a chain.	1 star
	The owner, Nicholas G Nicholas needs to attend a few driving classes before he kills someone. Maybe too much hp for him. If you see an 08 white porsche with FL plate 917 MNC stay clear. Guy drives like a nut. Almost ran me off the road in Boca Raton by 95.	0 star
	Decent gyros, but it is kind of a dive in the middle of Pittsburgh.	2 star
	I would never get another gyro from Salonika's the meat on my gyros are always cold...however I do enjoy thier bar, I go to salonika's 3 nights a week for an after work drink.  The staff is very friendly and they keep the place clean.	2 star
	Fairly decent gyro for the price. The other reviewers are spot on with the pita being too small...I appreciate the amount of meat and filling, but it was impossible to eat by hand. Tzatiki sauce was tasty and the added onions and peppers were a nice touch. Nothing mind blowing but it hit the spot when I stopped for a quick snack.\n\nDid not investigate the bathroom here.	2 star
	my falafel was ok, but my brother kabob was really good. great location. reasonable price	2 star
	The food can be somewhat disappointing but will sometimes do in a pinch.  The service is quick and the prices are reasonable for Downtown.  They are open late hours, so sometimes that can be handy.  There are better places for Greek food, but Salonika's is often close by.	1 star
	Went here before the regatta yesterday, was my third time here...consistently great, best gyros around!! Thanks.	3 star
	Great food, fast service and the price is right. Perfect stop for a quick lunch in the downtown area.	3 star
	This place has one of the best Gyro's around..... They are cheap and Delicious......  The only thing I wish was that they took credit/debit cards.  If you want something that is fast and well worth the money I would recommend this place..... I have come downtown just to eat here. LOVE LOVE LOVE the GYROS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	4 star
	I love this place. Gyros, spinach pie, fries and hummus. Way better than any other gyro place in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	This place has amazing homemade crab bisque soup! My turkey sandwich was good too. Quick and loved the friendly staff.	2 star
	Just got a small, pre-made chicken salad sandwich and a cup of chicken chili from the Fifth Avenue store, and paid over $9. You can get much better quality and value elsewhere in Pittsburgh.	1 star
	Sorry, but I stopped in this morning to get my lunch because I knew I would be too busy to go out for lunch.  Got a Greek Salad.  First of all, there was no lid on the salad, it was wrapped in plastic wrap... What??? Anybody could put anything in there without too much trouble.  Second when I went to eat it, I threw most of it away because the lettuce was brown and/or wilted.  Not going back again.  I didn't spend all that money for garbage.	0 star
	Went for lunch, the hummus was good, i had the eggplant which was awfully bland even with a nice tomato sauce.  no beer with lunch though (bogus!)	2 star
	Light Up Night.  Food has good flavor but doesn't look so hot.  If I hear about the Jackie O desert one more time I'm gonna barf.	1 star
	Dirty, unclean, my friend and I went to lunch here.  She went to go to the bathroom. Upon returning to the table had the following story to tell.  \n\nTo get to the bathroom she had to go through the kitchen and down a flight a stairs.\n\n When passing through the kitchen she saw raw chicken left out in the heat congealing in it's own blood. \n\n Christos you get no second chances after a stunt like that.  The food was tasty, but come on now chicken chillen on the counter is a no go in anyone's kitchen.	0 star
	This can be summed up as follows: For Greek food, go to Salonika directly across the street. \nThis place is below par in just about every way. The prices are not high, but the servers seem more like salesmen in pressuring you to add dessert, etc. (At lunch?). I haven't been impressed by the food after numerous tries, and the atmosphere is dated and dingy. \nI would much rather go across the street at a place with no pretensions (counter service) and pay for honest food that I can see being prepared.	1 star
	The food was clearly microwaved (ie the ring around the soup bowl and splatters along the sides). The fish was rubbery. The wait staff, although nice, was very salesy always trying to \"add on\" something in a pushy way. \n\nI asked for my check and barely ate anything. I think the waiter got his ego bruised because he decided to display his \"Best In City\" award right behind my head as I was still sitting at the table... a shame the award was from 2005! I guess a lot changed in 7 years?\n\nDon't bother with this place!	0 star
	I crave the Jackie O cake, a must have!!!!	2 star
	We were downtown looking for some place to eat before the show when I man standing outside showed us a menu. Boy, we were not the least disappointed. After hummus and pita chips, we all started off with an excellent very tasty fresh salad. The leg of lamb of excellent as was the sides of grilled vegetable and rice. I don't usually like hummus but it was tasty and excellent. The Jackie O cake is to die for.  We agree that the waiter were sort of odd, but in a very good way. Excellent prices. Homemade wine was also excellent.	4 star
	Fettucini from a can, anyone? \n\nIf you like paying $10 for tasteless pasta and sauces, this is your place!\n\nStay away and never look back.	1 star
	Spag Warehouse is the best value for money in the tri-state area.... damn good food!!	4 star
	Service is lacking and food is mediocre. When I crave Italian this is not the first place I think of.	1 star
	Went tonight for $4.99 rollback Wednesdays. Not very many people at around 9p, so service was really excellent.\n\nI only ordered the $4.99 spaghetti with meat sauce which comes with salad and bread. Even ignoring the price, I really enjoyed the whole meal from start to finish. I suspect true Italian aficionados will be upset that the pasta is cooked through, but it really reminded me of home growing up in the Midwest.	3 star
	Why come to this place when you have a tasty world of Italian restaurants right at your hungry fingers in this town!\n\nThe place is essentially a tourist-trap that seeks to reel in folks who are looking for a \"fun\" looking italian warehouse (now...how would this be fun? Apparently it is to some.)\n\nDon't get me wrong...the food is not atrocious. But it certainly is sub-par. My chicken parm was quite un-tasty and seemed as if the spaghetti had come out of a can. The service was mediocre.\n\nKeep driving to Bloomfield!	0 star
	Didn't think this was possible, but it's worse than Olive Garden...food was horrible and extremely overpriced, service was decidedly lacking....  Neat location with fun and interesting decor but I wouldn't eat there again.	0 star
	If you are in the mood for Italian, give it a try. They have a dinner for two that includes all the favorites...sausage, meatballs, lasagna, chicken Parmesan, spaghetti, and cheese ravioli. The prices are right. This is a great family restaurant.  The kids are given a wooden nickle to turn in at the front desk for a candy stick, and  Wednesday nights they have a balloonist and magician.	3 star
	I will always adore this place for some reason. It has a historical, old-time feel to it, complete with the retro decor and trolley car. The food is not the greatest Italian food I've ever had, but they always have deals and specials which makes it a great place for a family outing or lunch with friends. I mostly love the atmosphere of the place. I will admit, the service wasn't so great the last time I was there, but you get what you pay for. They have a parking lot in the back.	2 star
	I walked in expecting a great experience. It has a great atmosphere. There was nothing wrong with our service, but the food was overpriced and pretty meh. I had the tiramisu which is one of my favorites to get and it was horrible. It tasted like it came out of a Walmart freezer on clearance. Won't be coming back anytime soon.	1 star
	Decent, not great	2 star
	I liked the food here. We got the $25 deal. Salad was good but a little dressing heavy, stuffed mushroom appetizer was simple but very good and the 15 layer lasagne was very rich and hearty. The hostess was a ditz. He seated a couple before us that we arrived before and then seated us at a table that was inconvenient with a post, cutting off part of our party. We asked to move and she just moved the table. The kicker was the place was empty!	3 star
	This is a one time visit. The worst service ever. It was almost empty and twice we had to have someone find our waitress. The food was mediocre at best. The bruschetta appetizer for 4.99 had 4 tiny pieces of bread with some tomatoes on top. Not even shaved cheese, nothing. Total waste of money. The lasagna that they claim is so great in my opinion was diner quality, and that might insult some great diners.	0 star
	Came here a year or so ago to meet some friends... overall not a good experience.  There were 4 of us and I don't think one plate was cleared or drinks refilled, it was a slow weeknight as well.  So yes that could have just been bad luck with the waitress, but food is sub-par and atmosphere is well.\nI suppose this is a good dining option in some situations, but there are so many other places in the area, and I guess this was just nothing to write home about for me.	1 star
	The atmosphere was pretty cool. It really is warehouse like. Could have been better with a bigger crowd. But the food was pretty bland.	2 star
	Went here on a date, and unfortunately I felt like I walked into a suburban chain restaurant like Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday. The wait staff, however, were all very nice and quick with everything. The food portions were large, and getting the soup and appetizer with the meal almost made my stomach burst. The veggie lasagna was average, the minestrone soup could have been out of the can, but the highlight for me was the baked ravioli appetizer. It was unique and tasty. I had an overall pretty good experience, but I probably won't come back here.	2 star
	DO NOT GO HERE! They are understaffed, incompetent,  and slow. It was like getting waited on by 1st job people. The place smells like bleach. It's tacky too hot. They play pop music and it's supposed to be an Italian place. Not one person there ever smiled and I was treated like a body in a chair not a person wanting to enjoy a meal. Very very slow service and no authenticity in the meals. I suggest eating out of a seafood dumpster if you plan on going here.	0 star
	Took two and a half hours to get our food. All our food was the thrown together in the same pan. Not worth the $55.	0 star
	Ordered delivery. The food showed up 2.5 hours later-which is acceptable, as it's (just) within the delivery window specified. However, the food had apparently been prepared within 15 minutes of receiving our order, because it was cold by the time we got it. I didn't listen to the other reviews and paid the price (literally)... if someone else is saved a crappy SW dinner by this review, my meal (or lack thereof) will not have been in vain.	0 star
	Worst place ever.  I took my friend there for the first time and my son.  We waited a hour for food.  The waiter got us out water not our sangria  30 min later out salads and after  another 40 min of my kid begging for his pizza we decided to go.  The reason they messed up the order.  We talked to the manager I'm assuming which didn't really care.  Said hopefully we come back because service isn't usually this bad. Never again. Unprofessional and rude	0 star
	We went on a Saturday night. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait...but it was likely closer to 45-50 minutes. \n\nThe food is just average. Nothing special. Didn't seem handmade or anything like that. I thought they were known for their lasagna...so I got that. Blah...average.\n\nService was incredibly slow. I don't think the waiter checked on us once.\n\nI probably wouldn't go back.\n\nVisited October 2014	1 star
	Wednesday night is their special night.. Unlimited soup or salad, bread and a plate of spaghetti (or other limited options) for $4.99.\n\nCheaper than a value meal at your favorite fast food joint and friendlier service.\n\nThey were busy tonight, but got served in a reasonable amount of time and he was friendly.\n\nThey aren't going to win any Italian food awards. But for the price it can't be beat.\n\nWith that said, no way I would pay \"normal\" pricing here.	2 star
	The rates here are perfectly reasonable. I have no idea if it costs women more, but it costs me less than $20 for my haircut. I do see an equal number of males and females in this place. Katie, specifically, is fantastic. She is very smooth and efficient, but double checks to make sure everything is right before sending me on my way. Couldn't recommend this place more.	4 star
	While not necessarily an art destination, this small gallery is a worthwhile diversion in the Strip District.  The small space features one or two distinct installations, and in addition to the exhibitions, the adjacent store stocks a variety of handmade crafts.  Worth checking out if you're in the area, not least because the admission's free.	2 star
	Really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting.  The gift shop is one of the best in the city.  They feature crafts from artists around the world and local.  Shows are well lit and well presented.  Downstairs are studios where they teach classes on metals, wood, fiber, mixed media and book/paper arts (beginning to advanced). They do a great job of hosting outside events and fundraisers.	4 star
	We ate here on a Sunday night and it was surprisingly slow. The wait staff was okay, not the best I have had at a Morton's and the same goes for the food. Don't get me wrong, everything was good just not as good as say the Morton's in Portland.	2 star
	Great place  . My favorite steak reaturant in Pittsburgh . The bar area could be bigger . The valet's were professional and quick .	4 star
	I know I'm a steak snob but I found this Mortons perfectly adequate. The service was just okay. We asked our waiter for a recommendation on a side dish and he not only forgot to bring it but also what we ordered!  And you think they were bottling it themselves when we asked for a second bottle of wine. The only saving grace was the chocolate mousse which was a little cup of whipped heaven.	1 star
	I can't wait for the day I walk away from a $120/person steak dinner feeling like I got what I paid for.  This wasn't it.	2 star
	Unbelievable! We were in town for weekend and looked up the reviews in yelp for a nearby steakhouse. Service was top notch, wine list extensive and above all an excellent meal. Would definitely recommend it for a special occasion and great meal out.	3 star
	I ordered the center-cut ribeye for entree. It was delicious. \nThe environment is nice and servers are polite. Recommended.	4 star
	I love this Morton's. .the staff is great and the food is amazing..the ribeye was great and scallops wrapped bacon amazing	4 star
	This is definitely an old school hang out with a classic menu.   Although my steak was cooked perfectly,  I can't speak to the quality of the ingredients as they lacked natural flavour of meat and fish that I love.   My biggest gripe, though, would be the overcooked scallops.  If you are an adventure Eater or like common things cooked in uncommon ways, I would skip this one.	1 star
	Refined, classic style steak restaurant, Mortons will not disappoint those who are looking for a traditional upper end place. \n\nYards of linen, tons of silverware, and hordes of waiters make this place a must go in Pittsburgh.\n\nOur table of six enjoyed perfectly done steaks and fillets, beautiful accompaniments of vegetables and potatoes, great salads,  excellent desserts, along with an impressive wine offering.  \n\nExpect to pay heavily for this experience, it is well worth it.	4 star
	How this place got 4 stars when there are so many better options in Pittsburgh is beyond me.  The only thing that was noteworthy about the experience here was the price. The food was bland. Nothing to write home about. The place looks uppity, but really the food is just ok. Go to Ruth's Chris instead.	1 star
	Came here with my family for my fathers birthday. This place had it right from the start. Amazing menu. I had a porterhouse with lobster tail (same thing my father got) and we were both pleased! The staff was very very good and helpful. Everything we got to eat that night was 5 stars and exceeded all expectations. Cannot wait to go back!	4 star
	They carry a good selection of soy sauces and have decent prices for bulk rice. Do note that there is a $10 minimum on debit/credit card usage.	2 star
	$3 chicken on a stick. The best value I know of in Pittsburgh and one of the tastiest things I can think of eating. Love that stuff and get it every time I'm in Pitt early enough to make it to the Strip District. They have a little table outside you can sit and eat at as well. The grocery store is alright, but I have no clue what most the stuff in there is, I always just go for the chicken.	4 star
	From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.	1 star
	Decent food but a little overpriced. They will make you a salad (you can choose 3 items) and a meat for $7.49.  You get a bread stick too. You can also get overpriced soup or a sandwich.  Lots of choices.  The cookies and scones and pastries are on the high end; similar to Panera.  Average tasting at best.  I wouldn't call this bakery fresh.  They are all over Pittsburgh.	2 star
	Ordered soup today for $5.19 and they charged me $1.19 baguette which you usually get for free with a salad. Surprised it didn't come with the soup.  Soup was decent (Chicken Noodle).  They have about 8 choices each day.  This place is a gold mine with limited nearby options outside of Qdoba and Mcdonalds and a few pizza places.  Add an iced tea and the bill is almost $10.  Crazy!	2 star
	You mean I can have a nice pecan roll--all 740 calories, 85 grams of carbs, & 48 grams of sugar of it?  Whoo-hoo!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!\n\nActually I didn't get that calorie bomb.  I came here for lunch today with a co-worker and had a somewhat more sane chicken salad sandwich.  My sandwich was good, but was about the same as any at ABP, Panera Bread, etc.	2 star
	Ahh... ABP. How I wish there were less of you downtown and more of pretty much any other restaurant.\n\nI met a friend here recently for lunch. Even though I arrived a few minutes before noon, the dining room did not look particularly clean as all the tables were covered in crumbs. The food was pretty good.... My tomato soup was tasty, and my baguette was nice and soft. They also carry my favorite chip brand, Food Should Taste Good. Stay away from the peach tea as it's dangerously good.	2 star
	Much like the rest of Pittsburgh, lots of friendly folks staffing the place.  And unlike California, no tax on clothes!!  There was a smallish selection, but all major Saks-quality brands were there -- theory, DVF, Marc Jacobs, Prada, etc.. Good amt of sale items in each department.\n\nSadly, after 60 years the store is moving out late next year.. Sad loss for DT Pittsburgh.	2 star
	Fair well old friend. You will be greatly missed. After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years, Saks Fifth Avenue is now closed. :(	3 star
	I never really shopped here because of the downtown location, but I am sad to see it go. Now Nordstrom is the only upscale department chain we have, but it just isn't as magical as window shopping at Saks and wishing you could afford more than the cosmetics and the clearance rack. RIP :'(\n\n(I did score an Alexander Wang bag for only $350 during the liquidation sale, so some good came out of it.)	2 star
	Don't waste your time.1- they dont sell regular paper and hardly have poster paper.2- its really hard to find any thing of use. Most things are archaic and not in a cool vintage way.3- the owner is a bitch. During park(ing) day 2010 she waited 3 hours before coming out and telling the artist \" i find what you are doing is discussing. I dont support your tree hugger shit....\" extraordinarily rude.	0 star
	I stopped in because they have knitting supplies. I immediately saw a beautiful cat (they have several in this shop). Being a owner of several cats and extreme lover of all animals, I went over to see the cat. The cat let me pet it and followed me around yowling for attention. I picked up the cat to hold and the man that works there was very rude and ripped the cat away from me. I will NEVER NEVER go back to a store that treats animals or animal lovers that way. The shop isn't that great anyway.	0 star
	Charming store with high quality items.  I've purchased business cards and placesetting cards. The staff was very attentive and detail oriented. Great customer service.	4 star
	Great pricing on food! A hoagie, fries, & drink is $6 & some change. They have different daily specials for each day of the week. Monday= 6in meatball... wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie. Their calzones look good. I often order a cash fry (chicken, fries and melted mozzarella cheese. You can add veggies for a small price) Also, if they seem full downstairs, the entire 2nd floor is seating. No worries!	3 star
	Not worth your money.  Poor service, worn interior, A/C was non-functional, THE CD PLAYER DIDN'T WORK, AND THERE WAS NO AUXILIARY JACK.\n\nThey get two start because they managed to get us from Point A to Point B without making us fear for our lives.	1 star
	Peppi's did not leave me peppy.  The wait for a cheesteak sandwich was just too long.  I came here after the lunch rush and still waited around 20-25 minutes.\n\nThe sandwich was o.k.  I got the steak special which includes, beef, cheese, onions, peppers, lettuce, and mayo.  The meat comes frozen in a rectangled thin patty.  It is fried, then chopped up, and ingredients added.  Half of my fries were burnt and the other half was soggy.\n\nThe restaurant is a typical dive and has many Pittsburgh Steelers paraphernalia.	2 star
	You just gotta have a Peppi's hoagie...especially on your way to a Steelers game.  The guy stands under the bridge near Reedsdale shouting, \"Peppi's.....hoagies....\"  They are damn good.  Talk it into the stadium and enjoy :)	3 star
	These sandwiches are amazing. They fill you up, they're delicious, and it's chill place to go and eat. A must try.	4 star
	A staple of downtown work lunch. Excellent cheesesteaks, fresh fries, and a great crew of workers.\n\nA Pittsburgh classic in it's own, Peppi's is a must-eat cheesesteak destination in the downtown area.  I've been to Peppi's in the Strip and the North Shore and unfortunately they don't quite stack up (still good though).	4 star
	I recently started working in \"Dahn Tahn\" Pittsburgh and have started venturing out at lunch.  This week some guys took me to Peppi's and I was certainly not disappointed.  The place is totally a dive and has tasty dive food.  I had the cheesesteak and really enjoyed it.  I'll certainly be back again.  Unfortunately when I compare this place to the Oakland Uncle Sam's cheesesteak.... well there really is no comparison.  So Peppi's you will certainly do when I am down town... take your three stars and wear it proudly.	2 star
	Overall, a friendly and fast environment. Great music always playing on the speakers during the lunch rush hours, marked by good service/communication by the employees to customers. Fantastic food at all four locations; is a great place to walk down to on your lunch break/late afternoon hunger. Reasonably priced food, with a 'chill' atmosphere.	3 star
	A good spot for a cappuccino on a Sunday morning. Expect a good crowd and enjoy sitting outside at their wrought iron chairs and tables watching the Strip activity.	3 star
	Wonderful selection of _Real_ espresso drinks; espressos, machiatos, cappucinos etc. Awesome La Cimbali machine, friendly staff. No frills standing tables to drink your espresso the way it's done in Italy. Highly recommended!!!	3 star
	The coffee isn't bad, but it's not a destination spot, especially with 21st Street Coffee two blocks away.  If it's raining and you're caught at the public market down aways from 21st street, it's worth the cup.	2 star
	Best latte and cappucino's! ... Although the one from last Tuesday was a bit eh. I grab a couple bags of Paulie's Blend every time I'm back in town for my friends in Houston and they always love it.	3 star
	I went down to the strip last week and thought a mocha sounded great. Well I can't write a review on that drink because the employee dropped a dime in my drink. I was expecting her to offer to make me a new one since she was the one the dropped it in there, but instead all I got a was blank stare. \n\nThe coffee shop down the street had great coffe and they don't drop anything in there as well.	0 star
	The best place for coffee!!! I love everything about this place.. The atmosphere, the neighborhood feel, the baristas, and the patrons (especially the little Italian men sitting outside playing cards drink espressos). A huge favorite place in my book!!!	4 star
	Surprisingly authentic and inexpensive Italian coffee shop in a downtown area. I heard actual Italian spoken here with a news channel from the motherland on the TV. The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon and appeared to satisfy everyone who stood inside. My espresso was just as good as those I had in Europe. Hats off to La Prima!	3 star
	Easily the best espresso I have had in town. \n\nPrevious reviewers are correct - if you are used to the idea of a coffee shop that the local and national chains have given us, there really isn't room for that there. However, the coffee is second to none and for those of you that like to make your coffee at home, they do sell a wide selection of their beans at a reasonable price compared to other coffee shops.	4 star
	I used to buy La Prima espresso for my Pavoni all the time so I was pretty excited to actually get a cup of coffee here.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It tasted like milk and no coffee.  I was exceptionally disappointed.  So while the place has a great reputation,  even they can screw it up if they don't pay attention to detail, and  at this level they should never screw it up. I had a better cup at Martys Market for crying out loud!	1 star
	Pastries and coffee you can't go wrong. You'll need to get here early if craving an almond croissant.. they tend to sell out by noon. Their other pastries are delicious as well. Try the mele as well. You can wash it all down with an expresso or what I like is an expresso macchiato!	4 star
	Oh how sad. \n\nFull of younger kids who don't really know that gay doesn't need to be synonymous with slutty or bitchy. \n\nBig dance floor area, and a bar quartered off by a chain link fence (for real). Sigh. \n\nKind of what you don't want a gay bar to be.	1 star
	Basically, if you don't need a fake ID to get in/aren't interested in pedophilia ... don't bother.	1 star
	Everyone loves to bitch about Pegasus but I enjoy it in small doses. It's the 18+ club, so you'll get lots of attitude and pretentiousness, but in exchange you get lots of eye candy. \n\nDrinks are expensive, and it's only busy here on Fridays. But it's the only real gay dance club Pittsburgh has and as such it fills a niche nicely. \n\nOccasionally electro or goth type bands perform here as well.	2 star
	We used to call this place Tons of Sluts.\nBecause pretty much, that's what it is.  \nThere's a fence that fences you into the bar... it's.. ridiculous. \nIt's not cheap.\nI only went for drag shows.  But if you're looking for a wild drag show and cheap drinks head to Blue Moon in L-Ville on Butler Street	1 star
	I have had several negative experiences trying to find a good salon in the last year. Today I finally found a wonderful salon with an excellent stylist. Emily was very professional and friendly while highlighting and coloring my hair. She listened to exactly what I wanted and really did a fantastic job. I am very appreciative to her hard work and would definitely recommend this salon to everyone!	4 star
	Worst Brazilian wax I have ever gotten. Extremely Painful and inefficient, still had a red welt 3 days later. She also used the same stick the entire time which is not sanitary. Eyebrow waxing is significantly overpriced at $18. Do not go here for waxing!	0 star
	We came here to see the play \"You say Tomato I Say Shut Up!\" and what fun we had! The stage is visible from any seat, the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying. We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking. Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show.	4 star
	Excellent casual business lunches - salads, sandwiches - always freshly prepared and consistent quality.  Family owned.	3 star
	Probably the best, most thorough Chinese supermarket you'll find in Pittsburgh. They have most of your Chinese grocery needs at pretty decent prices. They even have the staple unfriendly cashiers. Some, not all; just enough to fill the expectation. If you're an Asian American transplant from a bigger city, you'll appreciate having Lotus Foods in da Burgh.	2 star
	Where I do most of my shopping. Pretty basic. Missing some Japanese groceries I would like to find but otherwise, expansive and reasonably priced, I was totally surprised to find this sort of place, having looked for something like the past four years in cleveland, to no avail.	2 star
	PROS: nice variety including freshly made tofu, good amount of side street parking nearby (as long as you don't go on a weekend), baked goods (haven't tried any yet), on the strip so you can do some additional shopping if needed\n\nCONS: bit pricey, person working there wasn't that helpful or friendly	2 star
	This store is a foodie find!  They stock lovely Asian veggies, sauces, meats, and desserts.  I mainly come here for garlic, ginger, and bok choy.  I heard they have some very good frozen dumplings though.  And they sell steaming hot fresh tofu for $0.30 a block, YES $0.30!!  Everything here is priced very reasonably.  \n\nThis is a great place to shop, but don't expect too much help from the staff.  Most things are not labeled in English, and the majority of the staff doesn't speak English, but hey that's half the fun!  You'll never know what gem you'll find.	3 star
	Fresh tofu towards the back is a must if you see them! Good selection of veggies and snacks. The workers could be more friendly and the environment could improve but this is the best place for Asian goods if you live in Pittsburgh. Come during the weekday or later in the day during weekends otherwise parking is almost impossible.	2 star
	Best Asian grocery in Pittsburgh. Went shopping for ingredients for a Korean dish I was making and they had everything. Food is fresh also!	4 star
	I go to Lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of Japanese pop.	3 star
	I found decent prices here and I did feel a little out of my element I couldn't understand the names on their packaging. I bought some bamboo spoons for 35 cents each. I love wooden spoons for my tea.	2 star
	Put some time into learning how to shop this store and you will be greatly rewarded.  Excellent values all over the place, and things you can't find anywhere else.  I especially like the produce department.  \n\nLotus is one of only 4 stores I always have to shop when I visit the strip.	3 star
	This is a great Asian food store and they have a lot of fresh vegatables.	3 star
	If I can give haft a star I would. Never shop at this Asian grocery since Many more open. Owner and employee alike no manners and nasty. Sorry guys it's the truth.	0 star
	I needed a sweater rewoven and Lulu did an awesome job.  She was apologetic about being backed up wtih work, but I wasn't in a hurry. Pricing is very reasonable and she is very competent with her work.  I would highly recommend this business.	4 star
	we were here last Nov.2011 for my bestfriend's wedding in Omni Hotel. we needed some alteration for one of the bridemaid's gown and Ms. Lou was so accommodating to our needs. it was a rush request/work and she did a great job!! thank you so much!!	4 star
	The ladies here are very sweet and talented. We had 2 bridal gowns that needed a bustle and minor alterations. The prices are very reasonable, the dresses came back perfect,  and the length in time getting them back was very fast. Is recommend this shop for any and all alterations.	4 star
	I can't say enough good things about Jim Ludwig's Blumengarten.  We hired them to do the flowers for our wedding in April, 2012 and the flowers were gorgeous!  My bridal bouquet was so beautiful and fragrant that it made me cry!  What I especially loved was that Jim and Linda Ludwig personally delivered the flowers to the venue.  Jim pinned the boutonniere on my husband and personally handed me my bouquet.  Such excellent customer service is rare these days and I highly recommend this business.	4 star
	I'm a foreigner and wanted to send flowers to my girlfriend living in a suburb of Pittsburgh. I contacted Jim Ludwig's Blumengartens florist after finding them here. Unfortunately they didn't deliver to the city I wanted my flowers to be sent to, but the Ludwigs have been very helpful and transferred my order to another florist that covered that area. \nThe contact has been fast and very friendly. I'll recommend and would consider them again.	4 star
	What a great store! Dean the owner/manager was extremely knowledgeable and helpful about which backpack was best for me.  Very generous 30-day return policy and a wide selection of travel accessories as well as luggage. A must visit if you need luggage and want to support local businesses, especially the few who are left Downtown.	4 star
	My favorite mexican restaurant. The ingredients are so fresh everything is made to order, their home made salsa is the best.  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Foods not grease like you get at a lot of Mexican places\n\nPortions are very generous, you will not leave hungry. Only open for lunch and only takes cash. And it can get busy for lunch but where downtown doesn't.\n\nAll in all great food, excellent staff and a great Price. My go to Mexican pick	4 star
	Our experiences at the Smithfield were mixed. On the one hand the food was quite good (both Friday and Saturday), but the service was very, very bad.\n\nOn friday, we walked in and ordered coffee. The waitress then asked us what we wanted. I said that a menu would be nice. That pretty much set the tone for our time there. \n\nSaturday, we got menus (different waitress) but the woman was pretty surly and somehow managed to get our order wrong.	2 star
	Food was only just ok and service was even worse.\n\nThere's plenty of other places you can go to for breakfast  - even Eat'N'Park would be better but hit up a place like Ritter's instead.	1 star
	The waitresses are surly.  It's kind of annoying.  But the food is decent.  I especially like the spaghetti with oil and garlic.  I always forget not to order salads, though.  They need to invest in a salad-spinner, if they're not watering down their dressings.	2 star
	It's been a crazy week in my office, what with it being the end of our fiscal year and all.  So I just had to get me out and have me some good old comfort food for lunch today.  Alone!\n\nSo I had me a good ol' fashioned cheeseburger and fries with some coleslaw.  It really hit the spot so I'm upping my rating to four stars.	3 star
	I love this place! Sure it isnt the nicest restaurant in Pittsburgh but it works for me. I usually frequent this bar when going to penguins games since it is right next to the deck I always park in. Good drink specials on game nights.	2 star
	This has to be the best diner setting Downtown, a complete archetypal flashback of the greasy spoon meal alternative.  I'm pretty much a regular (2x a week) now so I wanted to update my review to point out that they've made a couple changes (maybe a different food purveyor) and the food is even better now.  The bread is fresher than ever, the turkey is nice and tender, and the bacon is scrumptious.  Service is still that  \"make yourself at home\" but \"don't take yourself too seriously\" that I truly enjoy.	4 star
	The Adventures of Susan the Zombie on a Monday-After-Holiday morning.\n\nSusan get up.\nSusan get showered.\nSusan get dressed.\nSusan grab purse, briefcase, and coat.\nSusan get out of house.\nSusan get on bus.\nSusan get off bus.\nSusan go to Cool Beans.\nSusan buy black coffee.\nSusan go to office building.\nSusan get on elevator.\nSusan go into her office.\nSusan ingest heavenly coffee from Cool Beans.\nSusan human female again!	3 star
	I adore Roxanne's! There are so many beautiful arrangements and terrariums, and a great variety of live plants inside and out. You can also find lovely home decor in the form of side tables and such. On that note, I have even purchased an ethically made dress here! The employees are always a pleasure to chat with, and prices are reasonable for the quality you get. Even if you're not in the market for any of the aforementioned, stop in here and fulfill your senses.	4 star
	J'adore this store!!!  So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces. Very much on the pricey side, but a check online shows me that their stock is not too overpriced. This is def a room in heaven. :)	4 star
	I want to like it.  But ultimately, it took forever to get and he doused my sushi with various sauces that were NOT listed on the menu.  As a condiment-o-phobic, my sushi was ruined and I didn't feel comfortable enough to request it be fixed.  \n\n15$ later, I tossed it and walked out, miserable.	1 star
	I love this guy!!! I come every Sat. morn , tell him the ingredients I want for the day and I come back from shopping with a great lunch waiting for me. I am never disappointed.	3 star
	Andy has the best Sushi. His special sauce is what makes his sushi the best.	4 star
	I'm sorry, but as cool as Andy is, I just don't like the sushi.  The tuna tasted metallic and mealy, definitely not fresh.  I actually spit it out in my napkin upon first bite.  The portions are large, yes, and the prices are good, but I'd rather pay a little more for sushi that is less suspect.	0 star
	We tried it once. The price is good.	2 star
	Eating at Andy's Sushi Bar was always an experience.  Probably the worst part is the long line, but in a way that is good because I always felt that sushi was very fresh with lots of turnover.  The prices are excellent and Andy is hysterical.  I wish I could eat here more.	3 star
	Seriously,best sushi in Pittsburgh. Freshest ingredients, huge portions and very reasonable pricing. And yeah, Andy gives free samples if you smile at him!	4 star
	As of July 25, 2014, a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently.	0 star
	Went upstairs for the BBQ, which was okie. But the guys running it gave us no real clues of how to run the BBQ grills, so we kept burning the grills until they were black with carbon buildup. The food was good, but I think next time I will \"do\" the sushi.	2 star
	I wouldn't call this place authentic Korean BBQ. I was disappointed that the \"grill\" at the table was essentially a frying pan. How can you even come close to delicious Korean BBQ if there is no open flame? Every other BBQ restaurant I've been to has had either charcoal or gas grill.\n\nThe quality of the meats were terrible, though one shouldn't really expect much from a buffet.\n\nI will say, however, that the service was friendly and accommodating. It's spacious, and thus great for large groups of people. Just don't expect fantastic Korean BBQ.	1 star
	You can not pay me money to eat here again. They cannot even cook edamame, it was undercooked and cold. I had to stop eating their sushi in fear I would be sick for work in the morning. Texture and temperature of the fish scared me. Save yourself pain and throw your money out the window. Only plus side was their friendliness in service.	1 star
	Absolutely the worst sushi my husband and I have ever had.  It was Gross!!! I don't know why they use so much rice or why the fish wasn't cold.  You couldn't pay me to go back to this place!	0 star
	Meh. I would say Korea Garden in Oakland is way better...\n\nI got the spicy tofu pot and although it was spicy- that was all that I could taste! \n\nThe spices were very overwhelming and I couldn't really enjoy the flavors of any of the ingredients inside! \n\nI would rather take the trip to Korea Garden down near Atwood street.	2 star
	I've been to Sushi Kim few times over the years and every time I've gone there the food and service hasn't lived to it's reputation of being one of the best Korean restaurant atleat in Pittsburgh.\n\nThe food is okay.. service is mediocre and staff ... not the friendliest :)\n\nSo, if anyone asks me to recommend a good korean or a sushi place... you can say this will definitely not make the list.	1 star
	I'm visiting Pittsburgh and I found this place online with several good reviews. It's a small family owned restaurant and had a very friendly staff. I found that there was a small number of specialty rolls that have a variety of ingredients and sauces, which commonly are much larger rolls. These tend to be my favorite, so I was disappointed. The rolls that were more simple had large pieces of fish and were quite delicious. Overall a great place for sushi.	3 star
	good Korean food, killer miso and seaweed salad - we'll be back.	3 star
	Staff are friendly. Sushi is not overpriced although the rolls could be made better. Otherwise this is a decent sushi place for a lunch once in a while.	1 star
	Ate here last night and it was absolutely the best meal I have had at Sushi Kim. Wife got the usual pork bulgogi and I got standar dol sut bi-bim-bap. \n\nIt was unbelievably good. It wasn't because I was really hungry. It was perfect. Every single bit of both meals was perfectly proportioned and seasoned. And the side dishes were GREAT except I really missed not having sweet potato and little omelet ban chan. I will cut out Dosani and Korean Kitchen as long as Sushi Kim keeps this up!	4 star
	I had a lunch there once. The food is ok but it's on the pricy side. I don't think I will be back.	1 star
	There are much better sushi choices available.  This place is just okay, but I like sushi to be spectacular.  The employees were lots of fun, they had the best sense of humor, and the service was excellent. The prices were very good.\n\nI was there on a Monday, so I just tried the sushi.  I might go back for the Korean BBQ.	1 star
	Being Korean and my kids and I visit all the Korean restaurants when we are out of town.  Since my daughter goes to PITT we wanted to treat our daughter to Korean food.  My family including my wife who is non- Korean always order    and if this is how they want to represent Korean food to others they are doing disservice to our heritage.   was the worst I have ever had.  Their  had lettuce as one of mixing choices and their meat was hamburger meat?  Will not go back.	0 star
	One of my favorites in the Burgh for almost 20 years.	3 star
	Went here for the ayce Korean bbq. I'm from LA where KBBQ is kind of a religion, so I was looking for a place to fill my craving. Flavor wise, it was pretty good and there was a descent selection. It was kinda of pricey though. 25 after tax. For the lower selection and high price that I'm used to, it's not somewhere I'm going to be coming to regularly.	2 star
	Just saw \"God of Carnage\" it was well acted and funny. A good night out. Don't expect a resolution but do expect a good time.	2 star
	The location is nice, with plenty of outdoor seating on the river. The food is not that great.  They have an all you can eat crab leg dinner.  My husband thought that the crab was bland and overcooked.  I had a crab cake sandwich in which I could not really taste the crab.  \n\nPrices:  Sandwiches ~$10, Entrees, ~$18, Crab legs, $25.	1 star
	Great place to get a drink on the deck and watch the river traffic, but that's the only good point of the place.  Food's okay - nothing to write home about; service is pretty average and a bit unfriendly; decor is a little too \"tacky nautical\".  Prices are pretty average, but too high for the quality and service levels.	1 star
	Pittsburgh has a shortage of riverfront dining, so this place wins points for ambience on a nice warm day. Have a drink and enjoy the deck, but save your dining budget for somewhere else.  The menu is blah and the food is also.\n\nI recently had lunch here, and the waitress first forgot my meal entirely, bringing food to everyone else at the table.  When I reminded her, she returned with my clam chowder, spilled it, didn't apologize, and didn't clean it up.  All that would have been forgiven if the soup had been any good.	0 star
	Great location! Love biking through here and stopped for drinks a few times. I have to say the service and some of the guests give off snobby vibes. Good wine list, have not tried the food. Live entertainment a plus. Feels like your on a beach vacation when you're here!	2 star
	Better than some reviews.  Guess it depends on the night.  Went late evening after kayaking on the river.  Sat outside and waited....Waitresses both thought it was the other's table.  After that, service was good.  Was crowded.  Had the crab cake sandwich, which was pretty good...better than I expected from this type of establishment and not to much breading.  Pizza was good, the pasta dish was OK.  Beer not draft//why??? Wines were below par//Why???  Was pleasantly surprised!	2 star
	Had a very pleasant lunch here on a Sunday. Not busy, service fine, food fine. Nice setting. Great for a nice relaxed time.	3 star
	I love the location, and I keep trying to give Redfin Blues a chance, but the food is always average at best and the service is less than mediocre.  The setting is fabulous, there's a bike trail that runs right through the middle of the restaurant and you can sit right along the river and feel like you are in some exotic location.  I still enjoy eating here on occasion, but I always keep my expectations low about the food and service.  Maybe one day that will change.	1 star
	It has all been said before--it's a great place to settle in for a beer.  The night I was there a couple of guys were performing music.  We had the wings--I would not call them memorable.  Again, a great view of the river and the city.	2 star
	Completely chill environment. I pretty much always get the chicken quesadilla which is awesome, so I really can't comment on anything else. The prices are good and the service is quick.	3 star
	The food can be ok.. So can the service.. If you come by boat or bike make sure you are fully clothed.. They may look at you like you are nuts if you show up in a bathing suit.. For every 2 good waitresses there is 1 good.. I like the beer battered chicken sandwich.. The shrimp quesadilla had weird textured shrimp.. The peel and eat shrimp are pretty good..	1 star
	I have been to this place many times over the last 6 years(here visiting family) and I think because I'm so distracted with the view, the company, and the people watching I don't really notice that the service is sub par.  They are friendly, they are accurate and they are BUSY.  Food is always amazing! \"Yay, I'm a fan\"	3 star
	Great location and fun for drinks on a beautiful day. If their food quality was better it would be worth the price, because it's just OK at best. That's the only thing missing from this place which is too bad cuz other than the food I love it.	2 star
	Most of the home furnishings in this joint were nice, but overpriced.  How do I know this?  A combination of a space phone and an addiction to decor blogs.\n\nSome of the jewelry up by the register was cute and cheap.  The styling of the store seemed to be trying a little too hard, but was nicer than your average box store.  The counter girl never looked up once the entire time I was in there--I guess she could sense I was just a browser.	2 star
	This store has great stuff in it and we all complemented the woman working on how great the store was when we were leaving. I was with 3 white people and 1 black person. When we left, the worker pulled the black person aside and demanded to check his pockets. She did and found nothing. In the middle of the Strip District, this store can still be racist?	0 star
	Just as I was about to give up on finding a downtown hair salon, I found Denham & Company and Dan!  Quite a nice cut and those yummy Aveda products, to boot.  \n\nComfortably eclectic is how I'd describe the shop in Market Square just to the right of NOLA and up a steep flight of stairs.  Antiques on beautiful hardwood floors interspersed with contemporary salon chairs make for warm and friendly surroundings, which is just exactly what I found in the staff, too...warm and friendly AND skilled.\n\nThanks Dan AND Denham & Company!  You've restored my faith in downtown hair salons!	4 star
	Sheer ecstatic bliss is what this place should be called! wonderful talented friendly hairdressers!  My friend and I went there for the first time today, let them cut our follicle fillers as they saw fit, and have never been more satisfied in our short little lives.\n\nIf you want bumpin' style and sexy looks, HIT IT UP!!!!	4 star
	Dan is awesome!	4 star
	Julie does a fantastic job. Been going to her for years. The attention to detail is tremendous and I come away with a haircut I can have confidence in.	4 star
	A friend recommended this to me, and I can't figure out why.  The food was underwhelming and pricey.  The service was fine, and the place looked nice, but I can barely remember what I ate there it was so forgettable.	1 star
	Since closed.  Surprise surprise.	0 star
	Just saw this unfinished review from a few years ago o and I see they are now closed but posting anyway. Had a weeknight dinner on a recent business trip. I really enjoy this local institution and try and stop by every time I'm in the city. The breaded zucchini is great and what they are known for. The menu is mostly traditional dishes and I've had great to good meals here but never a truly bad one. Service is always very good.	2 star
	Fairly average Italian food other than the meatballs. Too many good Italian places in Pittsburgh to choose here. Interior could use an update. Beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks.	1 star
	The food quality doesn't match the place at all. I think it's ok for a pub but this place is supposed to be a nice place for professional lunches. \nI had the chicken flatbread and the chicken was more like subway chicken! \nWith so many options around that area I won't pick this place for lunch.	1 star
	Located downtown, call Dr. Greg and he can get you in that day, sometimes within the hour.  He's a cool guy, very friendly, and not a new-age, hippy, sales-y doctor like some of the other chiropractors that I've been to.  Accepts insurance & FSA...if you work downtown, I recommend him.	4 star
	Decent pizza and calzones.  Get rid of the canned mushrooms! Crowded at lunch.  Calzones are huge!	2 star
	ZERO Stars.  Today, my friend in a wheelchair came in and his friends wanted to sit at the bar for a slice.  They asked if there was an exception to the rule about being at the bar.  The manager told my friend that he could not be accommodated.  That's illegal and immoral and absolutely disgusting.	0 star
	Meh - it's not that there was anything bad about the pizza, it just didn't blow me away or anything.  Good for a quick lunch at the counter.	1 star
	Done with this place...  It seems every time we go there they get slower and slower.  Today we waited 50 minutes for a cheese pizza that we never got before walking out.  I complain to the guy making pizzas and he says \"you're not the only one's here\".... Well, he secured the fact that I will never be back again.	0 star
	Nice people & nice location. Very experienced, which means they can make good recommendations. I felt I was in good hands. Location is very pleasant. The shop is clean, well-kept and feels upscale.\n\nDefinitely going back, and encourage you to try it out!	3 star
	I have been going to Salon Nuvo for about two years now. Autumn does my hair and she is amazing. I have very fine, thinning hair and the cut is always flattering. And Autumn seems quite supportive of my desire to not color my very grey hair, which is something I have not had in other salons ... there has always been a push to do some sort of coloring treatment.	4 star
	I went there for Brazilian blowout . After spending around 400 bucks including tip my hair have not changed at all . They look even worse . They re-did it again to try to fix them but nothing happened. I have no complains about my stylist. She was very nice to me and looking in details but their procedure and product did not work . When I showed them results after second time after a wash they juts said thanks for stopping by. I wasted my money :(	2 star
	The salon is so dirty we left before I let them cut me hair. The sanitizers were old and half full. The scissors and combs were a mess.  http://www.wellbuzz.com/dr-oz-beauty/dr-oz-pedicure-bacterial-infections-dry-pedicure-haircut-ringworm/	0 star
	Wonderful service all around. Had a few drinks at the bar before dinner, bartender was great.\n\nFood was your standard chops and fish. Very well prepared and tasty. Also a great wine list - I recommend the 2003 Lascombes if you like Bordeaux.\n\nThe location isnt the best (downtown) if you are looking for fun afterward.	3 star
	Horrible service and the food is not comparable to any other Ruth Chris I have been to and I've been to them in 10-15 different cities. My rib-eye was all fat and the waitress was so snotty we wanted to throw our drinks at her. Save your money, this place doesn't deserve to be named Ruth Chris. I've had better steaks at the Outback Steakhouse!!	0 star
	Really good steaks! The porter house is to die for! Something about cooking a steak in butter! Paula Deen would be proud! The location could be better. With all the new construction of new condos and office buildings going up now would be a great time to move! Was my favorite until Hyde Park came to town. Really good service and drinks!	3 star
	I took my parents here because it's one of their favorite places, but I wasn't that impressed.  The service was impeccable, but the food - not much different than Outback or Texas Roadhouse.	1 star
	I loved my everything about my experience at Ruth Chris.  It was a bit expensive, but the service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  \nI would definitely go again.	4 star
	No matter which location I go to, I am never disappointed with Ruth's Chris.  I would live here if I could...  Feeling hungry?  Try the Porterhouse...AWESOME!	4 star
	Best Steaks in Pittsburgh!!! I come here a lot for special occasions.  It is a pricy place but it is worth every penny. I had a New York Strip and it was really tender and juicy.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.  The service is excellent also.	4 star
	Hostess: 1.0\nBartender/ waiter: 2\nFood: 3\nProperty: style decor ambiance: 2\n\nWhen did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups?	1 star
	I have eaten at a lot of Ruth's Chris joints.  This was the only place where nothing tasted like any of them.  Apparently not part of the main chain and it shows.   Fail on all levels.  Had to send steak back twice before I just said to hell with it.  Horrible.	1 star
	Does not even compare to our hometown Ruth's Chris in Fairfax, Va. Normally this is where we'd get the best steak we ever tasted. My husband's filet was just ok and almost over cooked. My scallops were boarder line undercooked and were just ok. Probably one of the worst meals we've had at a Ruth's Chris. However hats off to our server, Kathy who was excellent and very on top of things. As well as the hostess and other support staff, bussers, etc.	2 star
	Hey, they linked to my review on their website!   Just click on News & Links and then on Customer Review http://www.ullrichshoerepair.com/newslinks.htm  Like Steve Martin in \"The Jerk\" when he finds his name in the phone book, I guess I'm somebody now!  \n\nAll kidding aside, Ullrich's came in handy last week.  I broke a heel and they did a great job repairing it.  They've resoled Rick's shoes, repaired a tear in his leather jacket, and repaired one of my purses.  We've always been happy with their work.	4 star
	I've been to Ullrich's twice and both times received excellent service.\n\n My first time at Ullrich's was to have the end caps of my heels replaced (for a second time). Initially I went to another repair store in Sq Hill and had them replaced -- but the replacement heels were totally wore out again within a couple months.  Went to Ullrich's to have them redone and after 6 months of hard walking, the heels are still wearing great.  \n\nI won't go any where else.	4 star
	I brought my boots here to get fixed. They did a good job however the lady was extremely rude when I came to pick them up. I won't be going here again.	1 star
	Great for lunch or dinner. Tables and chairs are uncomfortable but food is very great.	2 star
	While in Pittsburgh, we decided to try Papa J's. I am still not sure why we did. Anyway, the food was decent. Not great, but it was tasty. Our server was very friendly. It was a little weird because we were the only ones there.  I am not from Pittsburgh, so I am not sure if it was an off night or what.\nAll in all we left satisfied.	2 star
	My husband and I went here for dinner before a movie. We loved the atmosphere, and the food was pretty good. I got a chicken dish and my husband got a fish sandwich. We were both satisfied. Our waiter was very nice and did his best. We had to wait awhile on most things because they had him covering two complete rooms. Other than spreading their wait staff too thin, I was impressed with this place. We're definitely willing to go back again.	2 star
	Food was okay, but was very surprised that they have absolutely no handicapped accessibility. Steps to get in from the street, restrooms up the stairs to 2nd floor. No accessible stalls in restrooms. Surprising in this day.  NOT HANDICAPPED ACCESSIBLE.	0 star
	I can't find a complaint about this place.  Drinks are reasonable.  Only ever seems to be a $1 cover.  Couches for lounging.  Pool table.  Room for dancing if you want to (no one hardly seems to).\n\nStaff is super friendly.  During Pride it is a place you can stop into to get a drink cheaper than the beer tents outside.	4 star
	For a place called Mon Amiee, this is the un-friendliest place I've ever shopped.  The elderly couple who oversee the premises make you feel as if you're about to commit a chocolate faux pas at any moment.  Come on, a smile would help.  \n\nThe selection here is stellar, but the prices are ridiculously high.  You can get the same stuff at World Market for $2 less a bar.  Even Whole Foods is less expensive.  \n\nNice gellato.  Good Chocolates. Expensive.  Grim staff.	1 star
	Talk about sucking the fun out of what, by nature, should be nothing but rainbows and sunshine and unicorns.\n\nThe staffer working here on our visit was so sour and unwelcoming that husband and I turned right around and walked out.  Too bad, too, because the place looked adorable and was packed wall-to-wall with unique confections of the chocolate persuasion.\n\nEven the pedagogical Oompa Loompas loosened up and danced every now and again.	1 star
	The owner and her parents are delightful, helpful and kind. I often stop in here for a little treat or blast from the past. I grew up in England and love that I can buy chocolates that I loved as a child. If you need a recommendation or a gift, they are always willing to help you choose something or put together a little gift basket within your price range.	4 star
	great selection, nice store. Prices are high . I wish there was a courtesy card given for frequent big spenders. \n\nTHey pack t hings up well in summer m onths with ice if needed.\n\nI really wish they had samples because I dont want to buy a $15 bar if I wont like it......\n\n2 times i went there and they had NO hot chocolate...\n\nTOday, Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are open\n\nThe service is most often rude. Owners just are not welcoming	1 star
	Chocolate heaven! There are chocolate bars from all over the world. And the unique wrapping makes you wanna buy all the chocolate if it didn't make such a huge dent in your wallet. \n\nDon't forget to try out their little gelato stand while you're there.	3 star
	I can only review the nonpareils and truffle sampler.   The nonpareils are very low quality dark chocolate and for 14.00 per pound definitely not worth it.   The truffles had two salted, one of which was milk chocolate.  They were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through.  I have to assume that the chocolate with  name brand wrappers are better than the ones they make in house.	1 star
	Soft, made to order bagels. Great low-fat smoothies. Staff is always nice and patient with my gazillion order changes. There's so many great choices! They also have texting sign-ups and I get free coffee and bagels with my orders all the time.	4 star
	There's nothing about this specific location that is bad.  It's the Einstein Bagels food itself.  I got a Santa Fe Egg wrap, and I don't understand how they can use the term \"egg\" in the name.  There's no way in hell that slimy yellow gelatin came from a chicken!   Absolutely horrible.	0 star
	Stan's has great prices OUTSIDE mostly because they things they have prepacked are spoiled and moldy or will be tomorrow.  Inside is just average quality, equally average priced produce.	1 star
	Cheap, everyone seems to say that.  And it's true.  But I wasn't feeling it here.\n\nI for one did not want to dig through the dirty to find the golden product.  I know it's in the strip, but I didn't appreciate the amount of bugs flying around me as I was browsing the produce.  \n\nThis will probably be a place I just walk by the next time I'm in the strip.  I did not enjoy it here at all.	1 star
	As the saying goes...\"you get what you pay for\". 100% true. \n\nYes, the fruits and vegetables here are dirt cheap, and yes sometimes you end up with a moldy potato. But, moral of the story here is you have to double check before you buy anything. If you end up with a moldy potato then that's your own fault for being so oblivious. Stan's Market taught me to be a smarter and more aware shopper. \n\nI'm poor. Stan's Market is cheap. I love Stan's Market.	3 star
	This ice cream parlor isn't just \"vintage\" -- it's the real deal.\n\nKlavon's originally opened in the 1920's, closed in the 1970's for 20 years, and then re-opened in 1999 by a family member.  Many original details remain, including the marble soda fountain counter and the amazing stained glass windows in the front of the building.\n\nThe ice cream flavors are pretty standard.  \n\nIt's a little bit off the beaten path, but definitely worth making a trip for a fun treat and a peek back in time.	3 star
	\"Could have bought it in a store\" Hershey ice cream that had the crystal-y signs of freezer burn.  Totally disinterested staff included a girl that was texting when we walked in and shouting into her cell phone when we walked out.  No one gave us a bill and I had to interrupt the person at the cash register to get her to take my money.  Didn't even get a \"thanks\" with my change.\n\nSo not worth the walk that we took to get here.	0 star
	Easy 5. Authentic old school ice cream parlor with PSU ice cream ( peachy paterno etc). The ice cream soda was an outstanding ride in the wayback machine.	4 star
	Just found this gem.  This is a great place for every ice cream lover.  Great place to hang out with friends or to go on a date.\n\nI recommend the sundaes at this place.  This is pure 50's and 60's style that isn't forced.  Staff are very friendly and patient.	4 star
	Retta is knowledgeable, intuitive and strong.  She gives a great massage.	4 star
	Literally worst service i've ever received at a hotel. Was using a conference room for multiple days and had to beg snooty staff to come refill waters and clean the room. Also, policies like how much parking costs seem to change from visit to visit. \n\nTo sum up, i cringe thinking i'll ever have to speak to the people at the front desk again. The location is amazing, they have that going for them. \n\nDo not stay here. You will be disappointed.	0 star
	Do no stay here if you plan to sleep before 2:30 AM. They could not care less that there is a very loud bar directly across the street. If loudness doesn't bother you than this place is fine.	0 star
	Great service, very clean and comfortable!! Definitely recommend!!	3 star
	I used to go to Sammys all the time for a corned beef sandwich whenever i came in town....until my mom took me to Smallman Street Deli! Best corned beef on rye...be sure to get it grilled!!! My sandwich...lean corned beef on marble rye, swiss cheese, grilled with lettuce, tomato, onion and spicy brown mustard!! Love this place!	4 star
	Great deli.  Had a very good Ruben today.  Great food and friendly service.   I'll definitely be eating here again.	3 star
	Smallman Street Deli is interesting in that it is very polarized.  Some of the workers are friendly and amazing, while others make it clear that they think you are dirt, and they have no interest in helping you.  The food is the same: They have an absolutely amazing reuben, but their egg salad is the worst egg salad I have ever had.  All that said, it's a deli, so give it a try, order a turkey sandwich or a reuben, if you get someone taking your order who is rude, deal with them, and enjoy.  Prices are reasonable.	2 star
	I had a wonderful evening out with the hubby. We went on a Saturday  night to see Jim Gaffigan. The theater was impeccably clean and the ushers were very helpful and pleasant.  The Gaffigan show was hilarious. \n\nI was impressed with the upkeep of the theater. Every seat appeared to be a good seat.\n\nI am taking off two stars because a Captain and coke and glass of red wine cost $22.00.	2 star
	Great theater !!! Absolutely beautiful .. Live the seating ... Seen Book of Mormon here !!! Loved it	4 star
	I like coming here. Saw the Lion King. Bathrooms get crowded so you better hurry.  I'll be back.	4 star
	Giving my local businesses some loving. I frequent here & will never gives money elsewhere. There is a touch less car wash right down the street for the same prices who cleans half what this place does. I personally prefer an actual hand wash anyday. If you do come here, those these guys a buck or 2 in the tip. I've never had a guy here that didn't make sure every little mark or wet spot was off the car before I drove off the lot.	4 star
	Max & Erma's has long been a staple downtown. It's probably the closest thing to Chili's or Bennigan's down here. I got home late last night from a concert (oddly enough right around the corner at the Byham) to fix lunch for today. \n\nI had a taste for some good French onion soup (Hi Melanie!) with some melty cheese on it. Max & Erma's serves theirs in a meal sized bowl, topped with melty Swiss & mozzarella cheese! Yummy!	2 star
	The 3 course combo is a great deal!!! Cheap filling and downtown. You even get chocolate chip cookies. Sundae bar is still in a BATHTUB- \nbring a party- there's room for it and no one here.. people forget about it.	3 star
	Incredibly slow, worst club I've ever had...hilite was the tortilla soup. That was actually edible. Waiting 40 minutes for a cold club and cup of soup is totally unacceptable. Especially when we were the 2nd table seated of the day.	0 star
	Normally I wouldn't give a place like Max & Erma's three reviews.  But my husband Rick and I had taken our niece Allison and nephew Brian to the nearby Fort Pitt Museum and this is the closest restaurant that's family friendly.  Allison is now 12 and Brian is now 10, so they're no longer ordering off the kids menu.  \n\nSo Max & Erma's has enough to keep everyone happy.  It's a place that won't break your budget either.	2 star
	Stopped In before a show at Heinz Hall.  It was not crowded, but the waiter was almost useless.  He did not know the beer list, drinks went unfilled, etc.  Plus I was served teriyaki fajitas.  That's right, these were the oddest fajitas I have ever been served.  The taste was OK, but it is not what I expect fajitas to be.  That said, my wife's Reuben and son's fish and chips were OK.  Overall it was just OK food served by an incompetent waiter.	1 star
	I loved this place!\n\nGreat selection! I ordered 6 buffalo wings I wasn't really hungry) but they were super yummy! And I loved that they gave me more than enough bleu cheese! No skimping!\n\nMy boyfriend ordered the 3 course option...1. Tortilla Soup (also yummy!) 2. Burger (average.)  and a chocolate chip cookie (super yummy)!\n\nThe waiter was very nice and even brought us an extra cookie! We tipped him 40%\nI am very impressed with the service, prompt and extra friendly!!\n\n\nHighly recommend this place! Great for kids too! So many options!\n=)	3 star
	I had previously reviewed the Golden Palace buffet, stating that it was some of the worst Chinese food I've had.  Well, this place manages to be worse than it.\n\nThe place is rather run down.  The buffet was really terrible.  Food left to sit out in just its oil and a barely lit heat source.  It just wasn't a great environment.  Try something else, definitely!	0 star
	The food at this place is at best mediocre, but it deserves something better than 1 star given the good service. Every other place in the neighborhood was either packed or seemed like it would have slow service so we decided to come in here despite it looking like it was closed with no one inside. We were served very quickly, as promised, and it's not the worst Chinese food I've ever had. I know, that's not saying a lot, but given the limited options in the area, it may be worth knowing about this place as a possible alternative.	1 star
	1.5 stars.  I agree with Eszter, this deserves 2 stars only because of the service.  A sad little \"Chinese\" buffet with a smattering of overcooked options.  Soups were borderline offensive.  There probably won't be a wait!	1 star
	I can't tell you how bad this place is, regretted not looking up on yelp for reviews before ordering for delivery.\n\nSeriously this place has the worst Chinese food I've had in my whole life!!!!!!!!!!	0 star
	I think I'm spoiled when it comes to Chinese buffet because I live in an area with fantastic buffets. Liang's buffet is not great. It fills your stomach but that's about it. Their buffet has a smaall selection of so-so Chinese food. On the plus side, service is good and there are times late at night when this restaurant is the only one along this block still open. That's worth keeping in mind if a convention is keeping you busy until late at night.	1 star
	Bad!!! Worst Chinese food in Pittsburgh!	0 star
	Dined in. Food had obviously been sitting out all day at the buffet. Lo Mien was soggy and had unidentified black grit in it.  Broccoli was clearly unwashed whenever it was cooked. Finally I ordered beef with broccoli and the meat looked pale like chicken but tasted to gamey to be chicken or beef. First time I ever wondered if I was being served cat.	0 star
	I was recently in some training in Pittsburgh, and we came here towards the end of our class.\n\nThey had a sign on the curb outside that said they had \"the best prime rib\".  Now, I don't think I can say that they had \"the best\", but it was very good, and a pretty big serving too.\n\nOur waiter (John) was exceptional, excellent service, fun personality, very knowledgable.	4 star
	This is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the Strip. A wide variety of party favors and Pittsburgh paraphernalia.	4 star
	What's this, a fifth review of a hotdog stand?  Read on o' Downtown diners!\n\nIt figures.  The other day I was telling my Yelp friend Mike O. about my sudden lunchtime craving for encased meats.  I figured hey, it being a nice day why not get a dog with all the goodies on it and dine al fresco?  It's mid-October--how many more outdoor dining days are we gonna have?  So I got me a regular dog loaded up with all the goodies, fries, and a drink.  Mmmm-mmm good, right?	3 star
	Solid dogs, ESP if you are a dog fanatic. Gravy Fries are awesome. I have lunch here everyday I am in Pittsburgh. Much better than Franktuary.	3 star
	Sammy's is well-known for it's corned beef sandwiches!  They are actually very tasty, and the beef is fresh and tender.	3 star
	I like a dive restaurant as much as the next person, but this is not my kind of place.  It smelled dirty, the bartender and the lady who took our orders were both very unpleasant, and the food didn't taste fresh.  It just doesn't look clean in there, so that is a major concern.  You can be a bit hole-in-the-wallish, but you still need to keep the place clean.  Our table smelled like a moldy washcloth had been used to wipe it.  Won't be eating there again.	1 star
	I don't understand why this place think's it has famous Corned Beef. I can only believe it's because there are no other deli's downtown.  The restaurant/bar is a dive.  The Corned Beef is nothing great and their side dishes are nothing special.  Not worth the trip.	1 star
	I walked into Sammy's expecting a ny style corned beef sandwich and that is not what you get. I don't think Sammy has ever even had a good corned beef sandwich. Meat was dry under seasoned and Luke warm. The bread was just sliced supermarket bread. I hate to say it but giant eagle makes a better sandwich than this place. Don't waste your time	0 star
	Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church.	0 star
	It took over two hours for our lunch here and it wasn't even busy.  When the food finally came it was bad.  We never received an apology.  The prices are cheap, but it's not worth it.	0 star
	A few of my co-workers and I decided to try this place yesterday.   It was a sort of early Christmas lunch among us because I would be working off-site next week.\n\nThis is a typical bar with an extensive bar-type food menu.  I opted for the soup-and-half-a-sandwich combo.  The french onion soup I had was okay, but a little salty.  My 1/2 a sandwich, the \"Raechal\" (similar to a Rueben, but topped with colselaw) with corned beef was decent.	2 star
	This is a very small Irish pub.  The set up is relatively nice, despite its small size.  However, the location had a poor beer selection when we visited and appeared to be out of at least 3 of their draft selections. For well drinks, my girlfriend typically drinks vodka and cranberry and noted that their pour was very weak on vodka.	1 star
	Nice weather has returned to the 'Burgh so I thought I'd get out a little bit for lunch.  Hey, it gets a little boring eating lunch at my desk all the time.  \n\nMahoney's is typical bar fare though.  The prices aren't too bad, but it's your typical salad and sandwich menu.   I opted for the 1/2 corned beef with French Onion soup.  Good way to spend a lunch hour out of the office.	2 star
	Mahoney's is the type of place where women are accosted by the bartender as my girlfriend was this evening. Don't go!	0 star
	I am not digging the set up here the bar stools have arm rests which are fine  if the chair swiveled which it didn't and it was very awkward for me to get down with out the person next to be having to get up.\n\nThe bar area felt cramped and made me uncomfortable. There  is apparently a small collection of dictionaries and thesauri that are keep  above the register that are in serious need of a dusty.\n\nI won't  be back soon.	1 star
	Not for vegetarians but I stopped and had a cocktail anyway on a sleepy, cold winter Monday night. Less than 6 bucks for a top shelf cocktail. Interesting decor. Casual, neighbourhood-y bar.	2 star
	Went here for lunch today and the Reuben was delicious.  The sweet potato fries were not, soggy with grease.  Service was pleasant and the jazz music was soothing.	2 star
	Excellent food, nice beverages, more than fair prices, & great service. Waitress remembered us & was a doll. Owner Elias is a delightful gent & such a really welcoming character. We'll be back. Very pleased.	4 star
	Terrible. The food they brought us didn't match what was on the menu. They brought out a different wine then we ordered and didn't tell us until we ask. They messed up out bill. They didn't accommodate for a member of our group that had an allergy. The beer was skanked. The soda was flat. Possible the worst restaurant I was ever in.	0 star
	Worst experience at a restaurant ever.  I don't need anything fancy but this was pathetic.  My coke was colored water, when I sent it back she said they just changed it.  Came back and said we don't have coke, would you like a sprite.  The sprite was flat but I was afraid to order a water after that.  Why didn't we just leave then.  The menu had quite a few spelling errors we joked about but no joke - don't go here.  If I could rate this a zero, I would.	0 star
	no. no. no.  $5 credit card minimum.  no bathrooms . . . and you sell coffee? good brew but why bother having tables if you don't have a place for customers to go?	1 star
	I'm not a gourmet coffee fan.  For the most part I think gourmet tastes like dirt, or is way to strong.  With that said the coffee here was pretty good.  It was a bit annoying asking for a coffee and having to look at the board as to which one I wanted.  The house blend was nice though.  The place is cozy looking.  The staff was friendly.	2 star
	a really interesting space for intstallations.  I've only been there a few times, but need to make a trip back there.	2 star
	This Amtrak station is in need of a face lift! It is very dingy and outdated looking, which is surprising because it is underneath one of the most prestigious address in downtown Pittsburgh! \nThe employees were friendly and helpful, which was nice, and our train came on time which is really the most important thing!	1 star
	I've been eating here for 10 years or so, starting back in my art institute days. The place has stayed stable over the years although the food has dropped a little in quality since the staff changed. But you still can't beat the two entree lunch for $4.92!	2 star
	Unbelievably bad! If the roach crawling up the wall doesn't scare you away the terrible fried rice will. The egg rolls have only cabbage in them. The \"chicken\" is dark, fatty, and inedible. Don't miss the 100 pound tub of MSG as you walk in. I paid for my food ate half my egg roll noticed the roach, food was then delivered, I took one look at it and threw it out, and left. You should skip this place for sure.	0 star
	Did not enjoy my meal what so ever.The staff was cold and the seating area was dirty. The place was more of a hole in the wall then I can appreciate. Cheap but your getting what you pay for in quality.	0 star
	Worst Chinese I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered pork fried rice.	0 star
	The preparation was fast and the price was very reasonable but it doesn't make up for the fact that everything had a bad, weird taste and the food inevitably made us very sick afterwards. We ordered for pick up and they forgot our drinks and plastic ware. I will definitely never order from here again. Absolutely disgusting.	0 star
	Ok for a quick lunch, but definitely falls into the genre of \"Dirty Chinese Restaurant\".  Service is quick and I can get a filling lunch for less than $5.  Definitely not fancy, but it tastes good and you get what you pay for.	2 star
	Great place. I prefer the cheese here over Penn Mac any day! Plus, the french feta is to die for!	4 star
	I stop here every time I am in the Strip.  Authentic Greek grocery.  Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.  They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.  You will find something delicious here, I promise you that.	3 star
	Some of what they have is good, stuffed grape leaves,hummus and baklava, but beware, some items have been on the shelf too long. We discovered when we got home that two expensive cheeses were spoiled (no bree is not slimy & stinky nor is mozzarella.) We wasted $12 on spoiled food. Buyer beware. We are from out of town and cant return them. :( staff seemed distant and got the impression they did not want to be bothered. Stoic and unsmiling older guy was behind the counter. Hum, I'll be over here... grouch.	1 star
	I wish I lived close to this store. Unfortunately we don't have anything like this in the Phoenix area.\nI could write a ton of stuff about their selection. Wonderful choices, amazing prices, helpful staff and Chocolate Baklava.\nI wish I had more room in my suitcase when I left town. \nI will be back next year looking for more goodies to take home.\nTake your time looking around, you'll find lots to love and try for the first time.	4 star
	A decent enough dry cleaners, and virtually the only one in Downtown with 30 minute service.  I brought some pants here right before I went on my business trip.  So that quick service really came in handy.\n\nOne thing though, I wish they'd update their website.  None of the icons (Corporate Info, Services, Products) work.  Anyone trying to use their website before coming in might assume they're out of business.	2 star
	Do not use this dry cleaner. The staff/owner smokes in the store. There are ash trays and packs of cigarettes lying around. I had to \"air out\" my clothes after I picked them up from Galardi's to try to get rid of the cigarette smell. YUK!	0 star
	They lost my clothes and charged me for stuff I never sent.\n\nClearly they do not know what they are doing and need to get their act together!!	0 star
	DO NOT GO HERE! They staple your name to your clothes because they can't handle organizing your things. Even with that, they've lost my clothes before. And now I just got a $110 sweater back from being dry cleaned and the loop to hold the tassel on is ripping off. They are clearly incompetent. Not only that, the place smells like an ashtray when you walk in. How are your clothes even clean when they come from that? Awful.	0 star
	Not only did they damage a sweater, they told me they would take care of it with my tailor and never did.  On top of that, they write in PERMANENT MARKER on your clothes! Unbelievable! Stay away from this place.  Take the time and take your clothes somewhere else.	0 star
	This is a great little store.  I walked right in off the street and asked if I could have scraps of silk, wool, cotton, leather and polyester.  I was met with a ready smile and whisked through the store where one of the workers was gracious enough to assist me and cut small swatches of fabric from the rolls.  This store looks well stocked and I really appreciated getting the small swatches for free.  This location made it very easy for me to find what I was looking for. \n\nThank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery.	4 star
	I love your wonderful cheese, Penn Mac!  You have an amazing variety, all my favorites.	3 star
	I will never buy any type of Italian sausage at Giant Eagle again because now i know what real sausage tastes like.  And, the deli counter guy at Giant Eagle doesn't inappropriately and amusingly call me \"babe\" every five seconds like the ones at Penn Mac do.   Ordering \"hot italian sausage\" from a deli guy that calls you \"babe\" is as amusing as Sunday morning can get.   :-)    \nI'll keep coming here for fresh meats and cheeses as long as I live in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	Simply amazing! \n\nThey have everything! I especially love the cheese selection and bulk olives. The Penn Mac sauces are delectable and a quick fix on those lazy days when you don't feel like making your own, I just wish they made alfredo. I would much rather spend my money here than all of the Giant Eagle's that monopolize my city.	4 star
	I hit the Strip District about one weekend a month, and Penn Mac is always a \"must stop\". They have a fantastic cheese, olive, and cured meat selection, its basically a  one stop anitpasto plate. Penn Mac also has those hard to find Italian ingredients, fresh pastas, and great fresh bread. Their produce selection leaves a little to be desired, but the great thing about the strip is great produce is only a few doors away. This place does get PACKED on the weekends so I hope you can tolerate crowds.	3 star
	The restrooms looked like after an bombardment, an improvised shack amid buckets of olives and spices. Highly questionable hygiene for a food store!Disgusting. I will not go back until they clean up the place. It's just filthy!!!	0 star
	One star off for the veggie section.  Stopped here during a recent trip to Pittsburgh: wound up buying a reusable tote to bring goodies home to Boston.  \n\nThe cheese shop? To. Die. For.  We need one of these in Boston. So much yumminess in such a little space!!!\n\nGreat range of olive oil, nuts (bulk), did i mention the plethora of cheese available?\n\nThey ship...I'm thrilled.  This place saved me a trip to italy.	3 star
	A required stop on every visit to the Strip. Best selection of Pasta, cheeses and meats. Try the Antipasto salad at the Olive bar. It's the best!	4 star
	LOVE this place!!  They have everything authentic Italian you could want without being in Italy!  Got some Gouda, sopressata and olives. Always love visiting here when in town!	4 star
	Just one of the best for cheese and olive oil!  Spices, too. Love the cheese counter.  Can get busy but usually a cheese to sample while you wait.  \n\nCheck it out and check out the other reviews for more info!	3 star
	I just love to visit this store. As you enter the store you can feel the Italian vibe. We purchased the best olive I have ever had. I discovered fresh mozzarella yum! I just made the homemade pasta for dinner. The black pepper linguine was so good. I need to go back for more real soon. It is a great place to find wonderful gifts for all occasions.	4 star
	A must-see in Pittsburgh. As a West Coast dude, I don't get to see many places like this. Just fantastic.\n\nTheir shipping operation is also exceptional.	4 star
	This is Italian heaven.  It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.  I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!  They package everything so well and ship it quickly!  I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.  The store is perfection, but you already know that from other reviewers :)	4 star
	Unlike many historic theaters across the country, the Harris Theater has been lovingly restored, and is actually a great place to watch a movie.  In a past life, it showed porno movies.  Now it screens eclectic art-house films and other smart selections programmed by PGH Filmmakers.\n\nLocated on Liberty Street downtown, the theater is easily accessible via public transportation.  The concessions are cheap, and the seats are comfy.  What more could you ask for?	4 star
	After two visits to this theater this week, I want to yellp:  turn up the volume! Or seriously look into purchasing new audio equipment, easier said than done, I know. I felt as though I could hear every movement of audience members and the sound of crunching popcorn made me laugh out loud for some reason, but the point is that I was distracted and did not at all feel immersed in the wonderful film in view.	1 star
	I like little indie theaters like this.  (WARNING: If you want big comfy seats, digital projection, surround sound, and a bucket o' soda, head elsewhere!)  It's small, shows art/foreign/indie films, and you can get a ginger ale for $1.50.  My ticket was only $4 since I'm a grad student...you can't beat that, and there are some amazing movies that show here!  My husband complained the whole time that the seats were uncomfortable, but I was fine.\n\nI am glad that we have the Harris downtown, and I will most likely return.	3 star
	Charming, small, simple and clean. Nice to see some remnants of these old school theaters still operating downtown. Went to see Bastards during the Three Rivers Film Festival. Staff are friendly and welcoming.	2 star
	Our in-laws suggested Dr. Battle and company when our dog, Levi, suddenly got ill.  The staff was very kind and caring even when the diagnosis was not positive.  They gave us as much time as we needed to stay with Levi and were sympathetic.	4 star
	I absolutely love this place! They have some of the greatest gyros I have ever had. However, that is not the only thing they have that is good. All of their salads and sandwiches are outstanding! I would recommend this place to anyone. Also, the employees are extremely nice and work hard to make sure everyone is served as quickly as possible.	4 star
	The food is decent most of the time, but freshness is unpredictable.  A little pricey if you don't go with the daily special.  Salads are usually good but cost around $9.  The regular gyros are okay, but certainly not my favorite among the restaurants that serve them dowtown.  I found the chicken gyro to be mediocre, but gave it a second chance thinking it may have just been a bad batch, only to be displeased the second time as well.  Also, be warned it is cash only.	2 star
	Kicks. Butt.\n\nPrestogeorge is a family run roastery on the Strip District that pumps out some interesting and fun flavors.  They have an incredibly wide selection of flavors to please anyone.  Their tea selection is QUITE impressive! \n\nWhile they dont have as many fair trade options as I hoped for, the food and service is exceptional.  Yet another great place to chill and hang out on the Strip.	3 star
	We rotate our coffee purchases between here and La Prima.  It's a tad overwhelming if you don't know what you're looking for, but the staff is ready and willing to help direct you to a coffee bean that is perfect for your taste.  We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends, and all are delicious.  I highly recommend giving this place a try!	3 star
	Customer service is lacking and parking limited but to be expected in the Strip... Irish creme hot chocolate was surprisingly tasty	2 star
	Their coffee and tea are the best in the burgh! I love watching the coffee roasting in the back. Also, I usually do not enjoy flavored coffee, but I have loved many varieties that I have bought here. Definitely worth a visit while in the Strip District!	4 star
	This restaurant has remained - longer than I expected, frankly.  But the food is ok, definitely not great and is fairly forgettable.  The wine list is also forgettable.  Overall, this is a place that I go to if I have to for an event, but probably wouldn't think about otherwise.  It is well-located in the Strip District though and near some bars, so if you want to be able to walk from place to place, this is a place to consider if Italian is what you are in the mood for.  Fairly pricey for what they offer.	2 star
	I've been here twice and both times did the prix fixe pasta tasting. The selections change frequently but it was always delicious and extremely satisfying.	3 star
	My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Lidia's on Thanksgiving day.  The food was good.  No Butterball turkey here!  Staff is friendly and we were seated right away.  The waiter timed it perfectly on each course.  We weren't rushed or did we have to sit awhile between each course.  Great wine flight!  The ambiance is lovely and the tables weren't close together.	3 star
	Just about my fave restaurant in the burgh.\n\nYou can't go wrong at Lidia's, whether you go for Sunday brunch or a nice evening out. It's Italian food worth going out for, friendly staff, and a beautiful space in the strip.	4 star
	Get the pasta trio, you won't regret it.  Big heaping portions of fresh pasta delivered to your plate as soon as you have space available. Mmm.  And we went on a Saturday night with no reservations and we're seated in 5 minutes.	3 star
	I went here on a crowded saturday night with a large party (8 people at our table.) I ordered the spicy calamari. It was not spicy. It was overcooked, like rubber, and served on plain white beans. Yuck. I won't go back. My boyfriend had the seafood dish. Most of his seafood was also overcooked and tasteless.	1 star
	I was very disappointed with my meal here. I expected way more from Lidia's. As a regular viewer of the show I was expecting fresh / rustic Italian meals. What I ended up with was stuffed pasta that I'm 95% sure was reheated in a microwave, bland mains, and slow and inattentive service. The only highlight of the meal was the bread which was the only fresh ingredient used in the entire meal.	1 star
	Get the daily pasta special.. Can't beat it. Skip salad and dessert-won't have room	3 star
	Very good.  Great atmosphere for a date or special occasion.  The Pasta trio is always great.  On Sunday they offer family style for $25(Salad, Entree, Dessert).  \n\nGrilled Octopus, Lasagna, salads are very good.  Will be going back soon.	3 star
	This place had horrible service. I waited (sitting at the bar non-the-less) for about 10 minutes before the loser bartender got me a drink and a menu. The food was weak, I got a Caesar salad and the wild bore stuffed ravioli. I was horrible. It was like they took some pulled pork and just stuffed a spoonful in a ravioli. I will not return, too many other better restaurants are in town to waste your time on this one.	1 star
	Yummy! The braised duck gnocchi were out of this world! Our waitress was as nice as they get. Great experience!	3 star
	I'm a fan of Italian food. And I'm willing to pay for good Italian food. Not that Lidia's isn't good. It is. But I've had better for less $$, like Piccolo Forno in Lawrenceville.	2 star
	as a big fan of Lidia's, i was anxious to eat at her restaurant, and it was totally awesome. would highly recommend.  Food was excellent. wait staff was attentive. we arrived early for our reservation and they were able to seat us.  it was a lot of fun and the decor was awesome too.	4 star
	My guests and I had a pleasant meal with good service.	3 star
	The NY restaurant is much better.  We were eating here often, but it got boring quickly. The staff are great and the location is good for people who drive into Pittsburgh. I'd like to see some the dishes that make the NY restaurant great.	1 star
	Overall this was good Italian food if you're ready to venture into something more asventerous than Olive Garden.  I had the pasta trio and thought the ravioli was amazing.  Everything else was pretty good, but a butternut squash ravioli made the meal.  Be prepared to spend about $30 a person for the full experience and I'll remember this meal for a while.	3 star
	One word; gross. This is not Italian food - it's Pittsburgh italian food. The ravioli is not fresh - how difficult is it for a restaurant to make fresh ravioli? The decor is tacky. The wine list is lacking. I could rip this place apart after only one disappointing meal, but I'm not going to waste my time. In short, avoid this place! You can do much better in your own kitchen!	1 star
	Not a place I'd return to for regular fare, overpriced for quality.  But the brunch is a divine value.	3 star
	We absolutely LOVED this restaurant!  The service was impeccable!  I had the all you can eat pasta trio which was lovely and delicious!  My husband had the cacciatore, which he makes himself at home, and he said it was the best he'd ever had!  We will definitely be back!	4 star
	My girlfriend REALLY hyped this place up but I ended up spending $110 on a terrible meal I couldn't even eat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala (Waitress's favorite) and it was disgusting. The sauce was VERY over powering and it was drenched in it. If that wasn't bad enough the Chicken was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it. I ended up leaving even though our meals included a dessert with the price. Won't be going back here...	1 star
	The food here is decent. It's a big place with great service that gives you the Italian family-style atmosphere you would desire. However, the food is not very good. The only awesome thing is that they have two different choices of gluten free pasta, which is awesome if you can't have gluten!	2 star
	Nice place would give atmosphere a 6 1/2 out of 10 and food a seven out of 10.  Often has good specials!	3 star
	Lidia's is a good restaurant for Italy food.  Though there is little bit loud, food here are really awesome. \n$6 is needed for valet.	3 star
	We visited for brunch last Sunday. It was amazing. It is $28 a person and includes a prefix menu. You get a morning cocktail, antipasto buffet, choice of entree (endless fresh made pasta trio is an option) and a dessert buffet. \n\nThe serve was impeccable. The sangria and Bloody Mary were delicious. The pasta trio was incredible. The salads at the buffet were so thoughtful and tasty. Would go again! I want to make this place a tradition. \n\nGreat management! Excellent food!	4 star
	I'm not sure why people like this place so much.  The wait was long, the food came out cold, and the pastas were overcooked, gluey, greasy messes. The service was friendly but the food was very poor. Will never go back.	1 star
	What you need to know, which I did not, is that this is a massive, chain restaurant.  They can seat several 100 people.  It's like the type of restaurant you find at a casino.  It's an upscale chain, but it's basically a chain.  And, the food is tasty and well prepared. They do what they do well.	2 star
	I've had some excellent meals here when there were 3 or 4 of us.  I've had two group functions that were  way less than wonderful. I would not entertain having an event for any more than 4 people.  Even 10 people taxed the staff!	1 star
	Went here for an early Valentine's Dinner last night. The service was great. We both ordered the pasta trio and the waiters' were very attentive at filling up our plates as soon as they neared empty. We also got the Polito appetizer to start and it was delicious- mix of octopus, potatoes, capers, onions and olives. Also, their wine bottles for $29 are a great deal. Just took off one star for the decor- a little outdated. Still a great night though- definitely recommend.	3 star
	Great food and service, very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.  Planning to come back to try more of their fare, since their Valentine's day menu was limited.	4 star
	What an embarrassment. Rotten/black  salad greens. A server with a black eye. Pedestrian \"signature\" pasta. Plates and glasses left uncleared. Greasy, scratchy plates at buffet. All yours for $28 per person!	0 star
	Not impressed by this restaurant.  Ordered the pasta trio, which was recommended by the waitress and was labeled on the menu as \"all you can eat\".  The staff service gave small portions of each and hardly returned for further portions.  If I wanted \"all you can eat\" I would have been at the restaurant all night waiting to be served.  The pasta was cold when served.  The frozen pasta from my son's school fundraiser was better.  I would not recommend nor would I ever return.	0 star
	Food Good overall, Owner & some help a bit bitchy	2 star
	Only average at best and when you figure in the slow service, cold food and high price i cant even give it an average rating. You can get better Italian food at any hole in the wall in Philadelphia, New York or Boston any time. i wanted to love it so much after watching Lidia on TV but the restaurant doesn't bring her own magic to the table it seems.	1 star
	Great Restaurant with great food nice wine. The inside ambience is good but there's no nice view of the city.	3 star
	pasta was OK. Not the best not the worst. Wasn't thoroughly wowed...	2 star
	Oh yum!!!\n\nAfter a VERY stressful week this week Lidia's was a wonderful oasis on a Thursday night. Our server (Robert) was a breath of fresh air in his knowledge and love of food.\n\nHAVE THE BURRATA!  No, I am not kidding. It was so good that it just about brought my coworker to tears. :) All of food was wonderful and it was refreshing that a restaurant would let us sit and enjoy our food. After a wonderful three hours at Lidia's we eventually made our way back to the hotel (with a tiramisu to go).	4 star
	I had really high expectations for this place but the food was overpriced & bland my lasagna tasted like it was made by Stouffers. The service was excellent the food nothing great.	0 star
	Minimalist happy hour.  Bartenders rude (and it was slow- early in the afternoon). Ran our tab on the card to hold the check without asking if that's what we wanted to do. Chicks in bikinis on the street trying to get people to come in.  Prices too high for strip district beer.  Smelly.  Upstairs looks like it's a club at night.  Rough crowd started to come in as we were leaving.  Good for a quick beer and that's about it.	1 star
	When i am in town, i usually come here after i am done and have a couple of pints, the drinks are cheap and i usually can get a seat by the bar. If you are a hockey fan, this is a cool spot to watch the penguins. Only problem is, coming from New York i am not used to people smoking IN bars. It can get pretty difficult to breath in here. cute waitresses also.	2 star
	I order food for delivery at my hotel. I got the chicken carbonara.  It came with salad and toast it was the BOMB. It was delivered piping hot and it was a lot of food I ordered he individual size and its enough for two people.  I also got slice of strawberry cheesecake.	4 star
	In the mood for pizza and salad so decided to try Ephesus Pizza.  I was given a menu from the hotel.  First the plus - large menu with unique items (Gyro meat on a pizza). Now the important stuff:  Lots of choices for their pizzas.  Their crust has medium thickness.  The taste:  OK but nothing great.  The salad was OK.  Delivery service was very quick.  \n\nWill not be a repeat customer.	2 star
	Crazy good sesame bread, they make it fresh everyday. Lamb kebabs were very good,  came with bread, salad, French fries. We also got hummus, very fresh, and a pide. The place is such a complete dive that my husband wanted to turn around and leave,  but it is worth it. If I lived in Pitts, I'd eat that bread all the time.\nThey deliver, too, and are super friendly.	3 star
	Traditional pizza is awesome. Delivery is very fast as well. They always tell me 40 minutes and then arrive in 15-20.	4 star
	My husband and I just moved here from the NYC area and we've been looking for a good pizza place. After trying a few different sub-par Pittsburgh pizzerias, we decided to try Ephesus last Friday night. We ordered one large spinach and feta pizza and one Italian calzone, via delivery. Even though it was prime-time on a Friday night, our pizza was delivered in 40 minutes and both things we ordered were DELICIOUS. The crust on the pizza was perfectly chewy and crusty, and the toppings were perfect. I think we've found our new pizza place!	4 star
	Nice place. The staff is nice\nDefinitely mom and pop shop. The pizza was good and the prices were a little high. I happened to try their pide because I've never had it, and let's say it was not pleasing to the American pallet. It was too spicy and no cheese! If you like plain pizza stay away from the pide. Their commercials are always on TV. If your looking for a good pizza place try milanos.	2 star
	Too oily , i felt like im eating pure fat , even the bread is covered with oil ! I suggest they make it healthier with more whole wheat option, grape leaves are very dry and tasteless. Oh and their fries are terrible	0 star
	First the bad...the amount of oil and butter used in the making of this order would make Paula Deen proud...yet.....\n\nThe food was delicious!! I ordered a small cheese pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and extra cheese...it was enough to feed 3.. Just have wet naps available...and I ordered 6 breaded wings with garlic sauce...there were at least 2 sticks of butter remaining in the container after the wings were gone..and yes, they were devoured!! So good!!! \n\nDelivery was pretty quick as well...	3 star
	Incredible pizza. Dirty, rude, disgusting employees. I think that's actually their slogan.	3 star
	Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, toasted bun, all good! Friendly service.	3 star
	Okay, so I've heard a lot of good things about this place. And I wanted to like it!\n\nBut it was seriously bad. I very rarely eat somewhere and don't finish my food simply because I don't like it. But I couldn't eat it. I got the Shadyside and it was super greasy, and the flavor just wasn't there. My roommate got the Portabella and she wasn't feelin' it either.\n\nThe guy who served us was cool beans though.	0 star
	Freindly staff....good cheese....can't wait to try the aftermentioned \"#7\"	2 star
	This is probably some of the best drunk food in the strip, neck and neck with Primantis.  I used to eat here a good bit working locally, but it kind of became too heavy to eat for lunch.  Their portions are fabulous and they have or at last had a great lunch special, Italian sub, fries and a drink for like 8 bucks.  Not bad, but you could seriously split it, because you will be sleeping when you get back to your desk.  Great stop on occasion, but too much for a regular stop.	3 star
	Went here for lunch today and it was good! I got a cheese steak with fries and drink. It's was pretty standard fries were kind of bland. I liked the cheesesteak tho! May be returning!	2 star
	It's ok not great, they could really benefit from a refresh, it felt and looked dirty...	2 star
	Wow. Stayed back in November and what a hotel! The architecture of this building is amazing on the outside and the inside. When you walk towards the elevators, it feels like you're in some swanky European Boutique. This place feels first class all the way, but had a pretty fair nightly rate to go along. You could easily walk to a Pirates or Steelers game. Spend the extra dough and get a room with a river view. Amazing!	4 star
	Very nice hotel in a great, convenient location.	3 star
	Lovely hotel experience. Great location in Pittsburgh. The staff were super friendly and helpful and were WAY nice when I left my phone charger in the room after checkout. Our flight was leaving hours after we checked out and they locked up our bags. Went to a wedding here and the food was great and all the facilities were well maintained. I was delightfully surprised.	4 star
	Easter Brunch. One word sums it up Outstanding. The food was great. Not as many choices as The Grand Concours but as good if not better. The service was top notch. Their reservation schedule was well spaced. \nLines almost non existent . A little pricey at 39.99 but worth the extra just not to have to stand in line at the various serving stations. Would go back again.	4 star
	Just spent two nights here and we thought it was very nice. Lobby is beautiful. We stayed on one of the floors hat they are renovating and it was done very sharply and with good taste. Ask for higher floors to minimize noise from outside.	4 star
	Right across the street from PNC Park (and many rooms offer a view of the Park), it's a convenient/well-appointed hotel for a meeting/retreat/blah blah blah.  \n\nMy room was on a renovated floor, so everything was shiny and new and fancy.  I heard that other rooms were not quite as nice as mine.  Beautiful architecture in the public spaces.  \n\nFree Wi-Fi through out the hotel, yay for not nickel and diming!	2 star
	I stayed here for a business trip and it was absolutely wonderful. The staff was beyond helpful even for the tiniest requests (like bringing me a mini bar key when I didn't want to move!). The beds are insanely comfortable and the view in both min and a coworkers rooms were gorgeous. If I wasn't going home, I wouldn't want to leave! \n\nAlso there's complimentary and premium wifi but I had no problem with the complimentary!	4 star
	The Renaissance, by Marriott, is a fantastic hotel in the downtown Pittsburgh area! The staff is extremely courteous and are more than willing to help to make your stay just that much better! Asked for a room with a view, and boy, did they deliver! Amazingly comfortable beds, quick and delicious room service, marbled bathrooms (something that a lot of hotels seem to be going away from for some reason) - what's not to like!	3 star
	Great location - make sure you ask for a view of the river.  Worth the money.	3 star
	I love this place.  I am getting married here in July.  I've been a hotel guest a few times and the service is just fantastic.  The staff knows exactly what to do to make it an enjoyable stay.  The breakfast on the top floor was awesome.  Can't wait until July!  Maybe I should write an update in a few months?	4 star
	Hotel was nice but nothing more then a 3 star. Room smelled musty and was dated. Staff was not all that friendly. Not what I expected when I booked the hotel. I will not be booking here again.	2 star
	This is a pretty awesome hotel. Rooms are super clean, service is super good. The beds are really comfy. Internet speed is fast enough to stream Netflix. Downtown and close to some good restaurants. I wish all hotels could have this level as the baseline.	4 star
	Good food worth waiting, and waiting, and waiting for...  Now wait & wait for the check.	0 star
	Good hotel. Stay here frequently for business trips. Easy walk to PNC park if you want to catch a game. Nice rooms and good service. I would recommend to anyone looking to stay downtown.	3 star
	A decent hotel. Nothing outstanding. The pillows are pretty horrible. The view was nice.	2 star
	I stayed here at an incredibly cheap rate via hotwire. I was quite pleased with the value, although the room I stayed in (on the fifth floor with no view) lacked the character found in the grand hotel lobby below. Nevertheless, the room was quiet, clean, and very comfortable.	2 star
	I stayed here at an incredibly cheap rate via hotwire. I was quite pleased with the value, although the room I stayed in lacked the character found in the grand hotel lobby below. Nevertheless, the room was quiet, clean, and very comfortable, except that the window let in almost no light thanks to a building adjacent to the hotel. I really mean no light, as in at noon it was dark. I presume that other, higher floors have nicer rooms.	2 star
	This place is easy on the eyes...it's actually quite lovely.\n\nFrom a functionality standpoint, I've seen better, however.\n\nI come here every year for the expo for the marathon and it's decent for that.  However, the bathrooms are way too small and for some reason, the sink in the men's room throws water everywhere so the floor is wet.\n\nWet bathroom floors are not my bag, baby.  You never know if it's water or something more sinister.\n\nNicer cans would net this place another star.	2 star
	There is no place I would trust more with my best buddy. They take amazing care of her and love her like their own!	4 star
	I stayed here for a 2 day conference and was not overly impressed by the hotel. Westin has established a name for itself, but this hotel fell short. The service was wonderful, pool and fitness room above average, and the location was prime, but the hotel rooms are in need of updating and renovations. \nIf I was paying for this trip, I would have been very disappointed.	2 star
	Beautiful rooms, excellent meeting spaces. The beds are like clouds and the double shower head in the bathroom was amazing. \n\nHowever, the customer service lacks excellence and the WiFi is completely unreliable.	1 star
	Great hotel. Close to many attractions and well maintained. Parking is a little poor though. The only reason for the 3 stars is that the Internet is abysmal at best. I thought a convention center would have half decent Internet, I was wrong.	2 star
	Marginal at best for the money. The whole place really does not seem up to the standard of other Westin properties I have stayed at.	1 star
	completely worthless wifi.	0 star
	We are packing now, were here for an academic conference on new guidelines being implemented throughout the states.\nThe beds at the Westin are very comfy, as are the pillows.\nI thought it was a nice stay.\n\n***Wifi is $15.95 a day**** This is highly annoying.  This is not per room it is per computer. My husband paid the fee and the network only connected his computer. When he is away at the conference, I have no access to wifi.\nThe television seems to also go black several times during programs.	3 star
	Facilities are very nice, beds are a little small for a couple.  At six am on 3/21/14 the neighboring room's alarm (1106) went off and cut right through the wall waking everyone up. I called the front desk at six thirty asking them to send someone to stop it, she said they would have to \"involve security\". 8am now and it is still going full blast uninterrupted. Great start to a vacation courtesy of Weston.	1 star
	Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service.\nThe rooms are not worth the money.	0 star
	The hotel is centrally located which made it a nice walk back from the Steelers game. It was clean and the staff was friendly. The beds weren't super comfortable. I expected the hotel to be a little nicer than it was. I think the false fire alarm at 6am was unpleasant considering I never heard why it went off in the first place. If you are a deep sleeper than forget hearing the alarm. All in all in was a decent hotel but not one I plan on staying at again.	2 star
	This is my 2nd stay here and since I had to unload my car at the valet and bring my own 5 suitcases to my room on a valet car I am already disappointed in the service. I actually had to get on the elevator with my own luggage with other people with this big cart. Disappointed that the Fairmont had no vacancies. Ditch this hotel.	1 star
	Valet lost my car keys and have been incredibly unprofessional! Completely unacceptable and I would warn everyone about using valet services here. Disgusted.	0 star
	Horrible, go to Long John Silver's. I hear oyster bar and think delicious raw oysters not deep fried crap .	0 star
	Ice cream break!	2 star
	Let's face it folks--this ain't McCormick & Schmick.  It's a dive, it's cheap, and the fish here is oh so good, providing you lower your expectations a little.  Meaning that you're not gonna get five-star cuisine but you'll get good basic chow here.  I went for the baked scrod sandwich and a side of hot sausage soup.  Trust me, if you're a soup lover like me, you'll want to come here whenever that's the soup of the day.\n\nGuess I'll be hitting the gym tonight after work.	2 star
	Had an awful crab cake here with little crab in it but mostly lots of breading and filler.. Even the Phillips brand ones at Costco are better than most. And of course Eleven has the best ever. But anyways, hubby got a deep fried cod filet that was sandwiched between 2 hamburger buns, which was pretty decent fried fish while it was hot and crispy... But my crab cake was sadly unforgivable.	1 star
	Everything about this place seems very antiquated.  I wasn't impressed with my clam chowder.  There was some kind of bread component inside the clam chowder that may have been an attempt at dumplings but just tasted like soggy bread.  \n\nI'm not a fan	1 star
	We stopped here expecting them to have raw bar options as their name would imply.  However, they have several cooked selections. That said, we only stopped into this location for a drink and then moved on.\n\nThe restaurant includes outdoor seating and a long straight bar that extends from the front of the restaurant to the rear.  Overall, the interior isn't spectacular, but has several nostalgic photos of famous people (both local and national), some of the photos autographed.\n\nTheir drink selection is simple with many local brews and mass produced American beers.	1 star
	Sat outside one Thursday evening to have dinner. I was surprised out how cheap the food was here and how delicious it was. I had the crab cakes and I really enjoyed them. I was a bit shocked to find everything served in plastic (plastic plates, cups, and silverwear). Also, this is a cash only place. I guess that explains why their prices are so low. We didn't go inside, but from just looking thru the window, it didn't look like much. At the end of the day, good food and good service. I would go back.	2 star
	Had lunch here at the OOH on a cold day in early Spring. It was a Wednesday, and thankfully not a Friday in Lent where it would have been much busier.\n\nI opted for the dual crabcakes platter with two sides, and the crabcake was mushy, not fried long enough, and just lacking any reasonable portion of crab meat.\n\nI've had the fried oysters before, and they were pretty good.  I think your results might be highly dependent on what you order.\n\nThis lunch kinda sucked.	1 star
	I love crab cakes. Whenever they are on the menu I have to order it. I got the crab cake sandwich to feed my need for carbs on carbs. The crab cake tasted fine but in the end it was more filler then it was crab. When I eat a crab cake I want it to mostly be the main event filled with large chunks of crab. Sadly this one didn't do that for me.	1 star
	This restaurant is horrible.  The waitress was rude and tried to rush us.  The only oyster on the menu is a terrible patty of some kind.  How can you call yourself an Oyster House and not serve either fried oysters or raw???  The food overall was ok.  I would never go or eat there again!	0 star
	The worst most over breaded oysters ever...It's a dive to boot.	0 star
	I ate here today for lunch and it was good. It is not a 4 Star restaurant by no means. They serve food on foam plates and give you plastic utensils. \n\nThe best thing about this place is the fact that they have good food at a very good price. I dont think you will find a better deal in The Market.	2 star
	Only has 1 person working and serving the restaurant. Took 15 minutes to be asked if I wanted a drink, another 15 minutes to get a menu after asking for one. Annoying wait, they need to hire more people	0 star
	Oyster shooters in a plastic cup. Looked a little dirty. Shooters just tasted like ketchup.	0 star
	I eat this pizza all the time when downtown, usually when running around at events like First Night or the Gallery Crawls...not the best pizza I have ever had in my life, but it's not bad!  And I haven't ever gotten sick from it.  Just wanted to offer a different opinion.	2 star
	Average pizza. But with ten guys working - and not much business at the moment - it still took twenty minutes to get a slice of pepperoni. I'll walk across the street next time.	1 star
	This place is awful.  The pizza is not good, but what is worse is the people who run the place.  They screwed up my order and refused to fix it.  I told them I was going to throw it away and order from somewhere else.  And I did.  Its really too bad, they are super close to my apartment. If they would've just been nice and switched it, I'd probably order from them again just based on that alone.	0 star
	PIzza Parma's decent tasting mega-big-2ft-long hot sausage hoagie was let down by the piss poor attitude of the staff, the lack of cleanliness of the tables and floor, the out-of-order red door restroom, the bright yellow for no-explicable reason walls. \n\nThe large color-striped 80's retro tables and green chairs have come back in style but this win is purely accidental and achieved only by laziness and lack of renovation.\n\nThat is all.	2 star
	Agree with Darren.\n\nI popped in to Pizza Parma for a slice of pie.     The slices were large, hot, and passed the stand test for New York style slices.\n\nI will definitely go back for their pizza.	3 star
	Hubby and I dropped in after a hellish morning at the Social Security office. Hubby loves pizza so we made a stop.\n\nPizza wan't bad, it was actually pretty decent. But the place was disgusting and the cashier was incredibly rude.	1 star
	Food was pretty good.  I had the Greek salad and my sister had pizza both good choices here.  Staff is friendly.	3 star
	Late night in Downtown and nowhere to go for food? Sounds familiar? Unfortunately I can't be much of a help unless you consider the usual fast food joints and pizza a good late night snack. The Pizza Parma location on 8th and Penn does its job okay, pizza in all sizes (slice starting at $2.50), soft drinks, salad and pasta dishes, for eat-in or take-out. \nSure, I've eaten better pizza in my life but if it's 10pm and all choices out there are McDonald's, Subway, or Pizza - I'll choose the greasy Italian-like option.	2 star
	Good for a fast lunch. Had the gyro and added feta. Gyro was fine. Bottle of coke had icy slush in it.	1 star
	I'm glad I listened to my friend's recommendation and not some of these bad reviews. We're just in town for the night and wanted something delivered to our hotel. They said it would take an hour, which I expected on Super Bowl Sunday right at game time, but it was here in less than half an hour. \n\nThe pizza was delicious! Just the right balance of cheese and a tasty sauce, generous with the toppings, and a nicely crispy crust but not too thin.	4 star
	This place was right near the Megabus and we were hungry, so we stopped in and got a few slices and some sodas for the road. I must say, I was very happy with the road treat. \nThe pizza slices were warm, cheesy, fresh and perfectly cooked and the road sodas were cold.\nSlices were massive......and that's how I like it.\n\nI'd choose this place over a Sbarro's 9 times out of 10.....and I like S'barros, so that's saying a lot.	2 star
	Looking for a quick bite to eat and a local told me this was \"the best pizza in the city.\"  I got a plain slice and a pepperoni slice. Possibly the worst pizza I have ever eaten.  This wouldn't even qualify as pizza in North Jersey.  I ate half of the plain slice because I was starving....then threw both in the garbage.  \n\nIf this is really the best pizza in Pittsburgh... wow.	0 star
	Zero stars. Came in 10 mins before close. Female manager on duty asked for $100 in exchange for a pizza. When we refused she said she could not serve us because her employees had been working since 9am..,it is currently 2:00 am... Sounds pretty illegal to me	0 star
	A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food. I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers, rashers, and mash. Inventive cocktails, and events (on their calendar) are some high points. The bathrooms stick out in your mind though, because they're down some narrow stairs and seemingly so far away they might as well be in a different building. And they may be.	4 star
	Horrible staff! Terrible attitude and we could tell didn't want to be there.  Screwed up our bill and was visible aggravated and angry when we questioned charges.  This awful service makes us never want to return.	0 star
	Have you guys been here in the daylight? This place is filthy! \nI understand this place is old, but wash the curtains (they look like they've been in a flood) and those glass lamps hanging from the ceiling. The woodwork and floor are sticky. \nWe had a Guinness (in the wrong glass I must add) and didn't have the stomach to eat anything. \nAll this place needs is a good wash. Let me know when, we'll go back.	1 star
	Excellent atmosphere and friendly service.   Food was great.	3 star
	A couple small TVs, no three page list of craft beers. Is this how one enjoys a Steelers game? I suspect when you're the type that needs to take some refuge from pro sports, this place might be your oasis. \n\nIn search of something resembling a vegetable in Pittsburgh, we had the deep fried pickles. Quite okay. Quite a decent Reuben sandwich. Would like to see a better beer selection. One of the few places open in the strip district after 5 pm.	2 star
	For the first time in my life, I sent my meal back to the kitchen. The Corn Beef in the Corn Beef and Cabbage tasted really bad and felt like I was chewing gum. Avoid that plate at all costs	0 star
	Food was great, service outstanding. We had a very large group and our food came within short time. The waitress kept the drinks coming. Service was superb!\nThe Fish fry is HUGE!!!! so bring an empty stomach or share it! It so good! \nI recommend the reuben rolls (never heard of before), if you aren't hungry enough for a reuben sandwich. So good, I am thinking about them now... sitting at home.\nLive music was OUTSTANDING!!! Crossing Celtic, you rocked!!!!	4 star
	There's a reason why this place has no reviews.  It's never open...not even at 6:30 pm on a Thursday.  Even though the sign said \"Open\" and the door was open.  I guess I was supposed to know that it was closed.  But all I got was two people screaming in my ear that it was closed like I barely understood or something.  So much for customer service.  Needless to say, I probably won't be back.	0 star
	A nice warm escape from the Strip on a cold day. They make good hot Vietnamese soups. \n\nThe real star of this place is the hoagies you get outside the restaurant though. Delicious marinaded grilled chicken stuffed in a sub that has perfectly pickled onions, jalapenos, and other toppings.\n\nI've only been by here during the day where this place has earned a following for its outdoor sandwich service.\n\nThe folks who work there don't have the best grasp of English, but they sure do get a kick when you try to pronounce their Vietnamese words.	2 star
	This is a very odd restaurant.  I was here once and probably won't be back.  The people who work here were doing a lot of screaming at each other, we were the only 2 people in the restaurant but our food took about 45 minutes to come, and the quality of the food wasn't that great.  You can definitely get better Vietnamese elsewhere in the city.\n\nWith all the wonderful dining options in the Strip, I'm confused as to how this place survives.	1 star
	Uggh.  I wanted pho really bad, but theirs tastes like warm ramen broth with 4 little pieces of meat in it.  Got the fried spring rolls, too, and they charged $5-6 for four little rolls that were obviously prepackaged frozen spring rolls.\n\nI gotta stop trying out restaurants without checking Yelp first, because everyone else is dead on.  Avoid this place unless you're in the Strip and absolutely have to have some Vietnamese (and don't care too much about quality).	1 star
	This is my favorite spot in Pittsburgh!!This was the first time i drank grass tea,and it was pretty god.and the food was spicy and yummy.\n  We went there on a Saturday,walking through the busy streets the name did catch my eye,and i still pronounce it in a funny way as-\"My Nockh\"(Try the nasal sound,its funny)\n   Its a simple place with simple people and great food:) \n-Smriti	4 star
	I am a huge fan of shopping off-price places like Filene's, TJ Maxx, Marshall's, and Burlington Coat Factory.  Yeah there's a lot of crap.  Yeah, there's a lot of stuff that has been picked over.  But every so often, I find that one item I've been looking for.  I recently bought a nice Polo knit shirt for my husband and no one can tell that I didn't buy it at Macy's.\n\nI like this location because it's Downtown and I can shop on my lunch hour.	3 star
	This place does decent Thai food, but is nothing special. There was nothing memorable or notable about my meal. The service was decent. This is one of few places in downtown Pittsburgh where a vegan can go and be reasonably accommodated.	1 star
	I'm still eat here, because I love Thai food....and there aren't too many Thai restaurants downtown, near my building. The food here is pretty good, and the prices are reasonable.  The waitstaff is so-so.	2 star
	You pay for what you get. I thought the food was good in taste and quantity for the price. Service wasn't great, but I don't think I have ever had great service at any Thai restaurant.	3 star
	Waiter was awful and food (pad thai) was not much better. Apparently letting the waiter know that your soda is flat (twice) is a huge inconvenience to him.	0 star
	This is by far the worst Thai restaurant I've ever been to. The servers are rude and slow, and the food is awful. Everything pretty much looks and tastes the same. The waiter seemed annoyed that my eating partner complained that his soda was flat, and brought him another flat soda. When he complained again, the waiter told him to see the host on the way out.  If you are in the area, there are many better choices for a good meal, other than this place.	0 star
	Just had the panang tofu for lunch, and was crazy underwhelmed.  Tiny portion, very watery sauce, and just no *zing* at all to the flavor.  The wait staff was slammed by a half-full restaurant, so things like a coke took ten or fifteen minutes.\n\nThis trip was bad, even for the price.	1 star
	Stay away!!!!!! The waiters/waitresses hate you and your hapiness.	0 star
	Poor service, awful attitudes and sub-par food.  I could make the same food in my own kitchen ... Hope to see another Thai spot open downtown.	0 star
	Oh this place needs Gordon Ramsay, Friendly staff, but something is missing I don't know what? \n\nFood was ok, but not fab. I was a little disappointed with the Panang curry which didn't look like what I know it should look or tasted like. \n\nThai tea was no bueno.	1 star
	This place has ok thai food.  I recently had lunch here with my boss on her suggestion that we should try this restaurant.  I ordered the chicken basil and it was ok.  I probably won't be back unless my boss really wants to go here again.	2 star
	This restaurant has never been great, but if you wanted an Asian restaurant in the Cultural District it was an OK place to go. However, last night's dinner was just plain bad. I had beef salad, and it was some coolish beef on iceberg lettuce with sliced onions and a totally forgetful sauce. Nothing like the mix of sweet, sour, and spice that it should have. I also had tofu panang. It was also virtually tasteless. Some coconut milk flavoring in otherwise nondescript brown sauce with no spiciness.	0 star
	This is a good, basic pizza joint (for Pgh). The pizza was hot and fresh and served relatively quickly. The cheese was a little overloaded. The crust was more chewy than crispy which is typical for Pittsburgh.\n\nThe seems to be pretty busy during the weekday lunch hour. Atmosphere is casual. My waiter was pretty attentive and courteous; no complaints there.	2 star
	Don't waste your time or money. Rude service, and pizza was subpar.  So many better options right around. Please dont cut corners on quality of your product.   The bar looked small and quaint. ..maybe the beer is really cold or I just hit a bad day.  For pizza? Na ...won't be back! NEXT!!!	0 star
	This Starbucks is worthy of mention only because it moved into the lobby of the former Plaza Theater.  The Plaza is where my friends and I (legally) first saw R-rated movies on our own.  I remember seeing \"Pulp Fiction\" here.\n\nOtherwise, it's just a Starbucks.	1 star
	i go here because it's close and because i like sweetened iced coffee black.  also because i hate crazy mocha and there lack of making a simple sugar to sweeten iced drinks.  truthfully, i wouldn't go here if jeet was open at normal coffee hours.  why?  bad staff...well, one staff member in particular .the woman in front of me in line totally polite to her. me totally opposite. rude .big attitude and not even a thanks. i really don't care one way or the other about your sexuality but don't take it out on me because im a guy.	0 star
	Yeah, still just a basic Starbucks occupying the lobby of a former theater.  It came in handy today though.  I ducked in here  for some Tazo Passion brewed tea.  It really hit the spot on on an otherwise blah afternoon.	2 star
	Oh looky its your typical Starbucks. Some of the girls that work there (manager probably I think) can be a little off putting at times but otherwise good atmosphere. I always pick up the same thing whenever I go in \n\nBlueberry and Vanilla KIND! bars --- GLUTEN FREE  for all you celiac people. \n\nOtherwise Crazy Mocha fufills my coffee needs better yet Chai Tea Latte needs.	2 star
	This is a great place for me to stop into for a cup of Jo before heading to work in the morning. Most Starbucks around have become places of high customer turnover, with people making a quick stop in before work, during lunch, or later at night. This branch is completely serviceable and average, and to be honest (sorry guys), I really enjoy Starbucks coffee. It's one of the best. You don't become a coffee conglomerate without boasting a damn good cup of coffee. And their service is always quick (if impersonal) and efficient.	2 star
	this place is tiny. the stage is too. there's some good bands that play there though. and a lot of local bands. the crowd size can be anywhere from like 10 people to 100+. it all depends on the bands/promotion, i guess.\n\nthere's some cool artwork around. and then some... not as cool artwork.\n\nthere's a bunch of mismatched chairs that line the walls. i find it kind of cool. i'm not sure why. \n\nthe neighborhood's a a little shady at night... but it's alright.	2 star
	I will start to say... The owner is not so much of a nice guy, the establishment could use some updating, the bathroom is Disgusting(!), Garfield is not an uplifting environment (women, do NOT walk alone here at night) those are the negatives offhand.  The good is that some obscure independent bands play here for a relatively inexpensive price, the sound is adequate the \"artwork\" SUCKS! go see a show here & just be overwhelmingly WOWed!	1 star
	I agree with the comments posted by others.  I give it four stars because it really is a great benefit to the local community and the get some amazing bands.  I also really like how simple they have kept it.  Also agree that you need to check the website regularly.  But honestly, I can't think of many PGH clubs that get an A for promoting their shows.	3 star
	This store is small, so the merch is limited, but the volunteer staff does a pretty good job of keeping it stocked. There is always new stuff there. The real draw of this place is that it is cheap. I mean, it beats the pants off the prices at any other thrift store in town. There's furniture too. Additionally, it supports the fine and commendable work of the Thomas Merton Center, so you can get worthwhile junk for superlow prices and support an organization you should be supporting already. Wow!	3 star
	The staff was all very nice and it was a very laid-back place. It was quite small though. Good for clothing, but not really any furniture or large housewares items. A small area with dishes, glasses, etc and then electronics which was mostly VHS tapes and cassettes. They have a nice-sized children's area in the back with clothing and toys.\n\nThis seems like the kind of place you might find a gem occasionally, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here since there are a lot of other places with a much larger selection.	1 star
	try the sesame chicken or mixed vegetables w fried tofu- ask for it spicy. the owners are very nice too.	3 star
	i just ate half of a cockroach.  Gross.  Never going here again.	0 star
	China House is my new go to Chinese take out restaurant in Pittsburgh ever since yen's closed up and then changed hands. \n\nKeep in mind it's a take out place. You're not expecting to get gourmet food on gold lined plates - you're getting tasty food in plastic containers and not eating there. (There's only two tables)\n\nWith that in mind it's great. Big portions and I've never been let down. Sometimes you get free stuff too. Coupons for 10% off and free soda.	4 star
	Appearances can be deceiving!  From the outside, it looks like an old house, but on the inside, such a cute romantic date restaurant.  The service was superb!  The server was very attentive, but not overbearing.  The food was reasonably priced with large portions.  The menu was quite overwhelming with lots of choices!  I will definitely return again to try something else!	3 star
	Every time I have been to Cafe Sam I have been very disappointed.  On my most recent visit, the waiter was overbearing, the menu confusing, and the food unremarkable.  Avoid this place.	0 star
	Cafe Sam has a cool Pittsburgh vibe. It's a bit funky but the food is good and interesting and their menu offers a lot of choices. I went with a group and we all had the Prix Fixe menu. It was a little bit pricey, but I think it was well worth it.	3 star
	Extreemly dated on the inside- the menu was pretty broad, everything from lots of pasta selections lamb, to duck, to burgers and hotdogs..  We had great drinks, appetizers, salads, and entrees.	3 star
	Not great. Stale bread and the food was strongly over-flavored. I had a glass of wine and was asked if I wanted another, and I said \"just a half glass\" which I ask for all the time (and get). The reply from the waitress was \"we can't do that\" and the same from the manager. CAN'T do that? Terrible attitude - more like WON'T do that. Well, I WON'T be going back	0 star
	Huge menu, reasonably price, extremely mediocre food, with a nice plate of chocolate chip cookies with your bill.  I ate here when it first opened 20 years ago and it was good back then.  But over the years it has gone down hill.  Way down hill.  I won't go back.  It kind of reminds me of food you'd eat at when you are stuck in an airport.	1 star
	Great experience. Staff was quite attentive and seemed to genuinely care about our experience. Allowed us to sample a couple appetizers. Most of the items we had for dinner (appetizers, entrees and dessert)	4 star
	We have not been to this restaurant in quite sometime. What a great lunch menu. Highly recommend checking out.	4 star
	Support this local business.  Good food, nice lady on the phone, and quick delivery. YUM! Never been to the actual restaurant, but i'm sure it's awesome.	4 star
	I was skeptical about going to a typical pizza shop during a food tour in Bloomfield, but boy was I wrong. This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf. The dough was perfect (cooked well, but kinda doughy) and the cheese was excellent.	3 star
	Sad to say, this wasn't the pie in the sky I was looking for. It all comes down to the crust--I threw it out. That should never happen. The crust wasn't enough like the bread from la gourmandine--if that bakery made pizza with the cheese (and even the sauce) from Angelos...now THAT could have some potential. So...still shopping around for a delivery and for a crust that bubbles up around the edges. It might have to do with the water or kneading or something?	1 star
	I order frame Angelo's regularly .Quality in going downhill.First I waited on hold for 10min ,so I drive over and I'm still on hold,I go in there's one person inside and no orders ..WTF am I holding for .?...So my order is $30+ and I asked for a ranch and of course I have to pay for it ?Then I get my white pizza home and it looks like it was in a tornado,this seems to be happening more often..and delivery don't get me started.My rating is PISS POOR!!!	0 star
	One of the best hoagies I have ever had. Warm and toasted. Great mayo. Large serving. Soft drinks are refillable. The 1980's atmosphere is not too impressive, but this is just a pizza shop. Great place to bring out of town guests. I will be back again and can't wait to try the Sicilian pizza.\n\nI got mayo on the hoagie and was excellent, now I know why... It has a garlic flavor and I love garlic.	4 star
	Honestly, the hoagies are fantastic, but their service is appalling. I ordered two hoagies and received one and a half. After calling and explaining the situation, Aaron, the \"manager\", rationalized that their hoagies are large and could send another half \"depends on how hungry you are\". ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I have never in my life heard of such asinine customer service. The girl on the phone was really nice though...if that counts for anything. They just lost a loyal customer...never again.	0 star
	I haven't been here yet but after reading about the Bikes Before Christmas project here http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08311/925595-94.stm I just want to go here and buy some bike stuff.\nMore about Bikes Before Christmas here - http://iheartpgh.com/2008/11/06/donate-bikes-for-kids/	4 star
	Easily the best bike shop in Pittsburgh.\n\nLet me qualify that by saying if you are looking for a $12,000 Carbon Triathlon bike this probably isn't the shop...\n\nIt is, however, THE SHOP if you are looking to work on your bike for free.  Gerry has 6 fully equipped stations in the back where he will let you work on your bike for free.\n\nAny part is available, at less than full list prices.  It really doesn't get any better than this.	4 star
	While the quality of the pizza depends on the time of day you order and the decor leaves a lot to be desired, for a transplanted resident who HATES PA liquor laws, they have a great variety of beer available for what is basically a hole-in-the-wall pizza place. Also, delicious provolone sticks, but why doesn't anyone in this city sell mozzarella sticks.	2 star
	Seriously my favorite pizza in the 'burgh! The cheese mix is amazing, and the crust is nice and thin. Awesome people work there and good beer prices/selection.	3 star
	I ordered a Veggie Pizza with 4 different toppings and did not really enjoy it a lot. They use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza. Also, the toppings were not greatly blended, just rather sprinkled. DIdn't even enjoy the pizza crust.\nI work right next door, but wont go there again.\nI usually dont write reviews. Was surprised Yelp had 4 stars and I was disaoopinted, so writing my experience.So sharing my input that may help others make an uinformed choice causeI think 4 stars is misleading.	0 star
	Read some reviews and decided to try them out. Im very pleased with the haircut and even more pleased with the price. Walked right in, no wait, asked for what i wanted and they delivered. Will be returning!	3 star
	Great place. Got my haircut there for the first time today. Great price too. Only negative - I wish they did a neck shave with a straight razor.	3 star
	I've figured Dan out - no matter what you ask for, you get the same haircut. It's not bad, its just, you know, the Pittsburgh special. Super friggin' short. I'm getting my tattoo sleeves finished this week to better fit in this city.	3 star
	I love these kind of barbershops.  Straight out of a Twilight Zone time warp. especially  the prices.  Very friendly (Pittsburgh is a friendly town to begin with.)  Quick cut.  Very nice if what you want is basic.	4 star
	The last 3 or so times I've visited, they've been closed 15 minutes early.\n\nOn the plus side, I've discovered I look damn good with longer hair.	0 star
	They have really good pizza for really cheap. Bloomfield rocks!	3 star
	If i was rating the sandwiches and whole pizzas, it would definitely be five stars all the way.   However their single slices are horrible.  I thought they would heat them up after the slices sit in the heater area.  I asked for extra sauce, thinking that the slices will be heated.  I was given a slice of pizza with cold sauce.	3 star
	This is probably the best north indian restaurant in Pittsburgh (Lawrenceville/Bloomfield). A bit of a dive with a traditional menu but the food is made fresh and the prices can't be beat.  The lunch buffet is a prety good deal (much less than $10!).	2 star
	I have only had the lunch buffet, which really isn't fair to write a review off of.  While cheap and I would consider a good deal, it was overall greasy and bland.\n\nOnce I go back and order something off the menu I will have to re-review.	1 star
	I've only eaten the lunch buffet here, which is cheap and pretty decent.  Maybe it's an unfair assessment, but I wouldn't go out of my way for dinner here based on what I've eaten at lunch.  The food is good, but pretty far from what I consider \"authentic\".  The chai is the real standout, I always get some, even in hot weather.\n\nBottom line: a great place for a quick, tasty lunch, but I'd search elsewhere if you've got a real craving for Indian food.	2 star
	People's Indian is a solid traditional Indian place. Offerings are standard, but well done. I like their bindi masala and vegetable korma. In meat offerings, their lamb is really quite good.\n\nTheir lunch buffet has a solid selection of both meat and vegetable dishes and includes samosas, which not all buffets do. Also included is chai, which is good (if overly sweet).\n\nIn general, it's one of the better local Indian places. The service is also pretty consistent and pleasant (unlike, say, India Garden where the service is consistently horrific).	3 star
	Best palak paneer. Hands down.did a palak paneer test a few years agos.. included graphs and etc... still have my heart. the spicey could be spicier.. ill just throw that out there....	4 star
	I've ordered for delivery a few times.  Although you get small portions for the price..the food is pretty good.  This time I and a coworker ordered 2 seperate dishes that came with rice.  They combined the rice in one container.  Why?  My coworker leaves in 10 mins with my rice....ugh!  Called the restaurant and all I get is a ...\"wellll..I don't know what I can do?\"   Are you serious?	1 star
	The lunch buffet? Totally worth it.	2 star
	I just wrote a bad review so I want to counter it with a good one. People's Restaurant easily wins the top slot on Kelly G's list of the best Indian food in Pittsburgh. The restaurant itself is small and no-frills (Indian shabby chic, you might call it), but they have a big table in the middle suitable for large parties. Their lunch buffet is smaller than India Garden's but slightly more delicious. Greg B. and I get take out, add a bottle of wine, and have romantic dinner parties-for-two on our front porch. Perfection.	3 star
	I ordered chicken vindaloo at spice level 10 and garlic nan as take out.\n\nThe chicken vindaloo was quality.  I enjoyed it.  It wasn't super spicy, but I'm used to that.  I've never found Indian food with the same level of heat as I've had in England.\n\nThe garlic nan was amazing.  Nice garlic smell, visible chunks of garlic, nicely toasted bread, everything about it was very good.	3 star
	local treasure. i'm in love with this place. 7 dollar lunch buffet (always a mistake unless you plan on sleeping the rest of your day) and byob. recommended!	4 star
	Prices are excellent, food is EVEN BETTER. I am a vegetarian, and found the selection and quality to be just as good as Indian restaurants charging double the price. I attend a convention annually in Pittsburgh, and \"People's\" will definitely be on the \"must visit\" list for future years.	4 star
	A total dive, but worth it. Service is good and the Pho is authentic.	2 star
	Maybe I went on a bad day but the food was pretty darn terrible. The spring rolls were falling apart and only filled with noodles and a couple of sad looking shrimp, no thai basil or mint leaves or cilantro to speak of. I also got some crispy noodles with seafood which I only ate because I had been sitting on a train for 9 hours and was starving. And the whole thing was seriously overpriced for Pittsburgh, New York prices for extremely subpar vietnamese, meh.	0 star
	I am really conflicted about this place.  I always have a great time when I go, the prices are reasonable (especially vegetarian) and the staff are super friendly.\n\nThat said, the food is OK.  It lacks some of the fresh condiments that I have grown so accustomed to with Vietnamese (basil, cilantro, mint, etc).  If you're looking for something to warm your soul on a 5 degree Pittsburgh day, this will do it.\n\nBYOB before 9, no corkage fee.	2 star
	No way, dudes. Go down the street and get some tastier food at Tram's Kitchen. The grub is better, the restaurant itself is a little cleaner (not saying much on either account), and the water even tastes better. \n\nReally. I'm not joking about the water.	1 star
	If you want PHO in Pittsburgh (Considering the Vietnamese Restaurant selections) I would choose this Place over Tram's Kitchen. The Pho here is more fragrant.	2 star
	Tram's Kitchen was closed, so my girlfriend and I went up the street to Pho Minh instead. \n\nHere are my gripes:\n- Food was WAY too salty (ie. we were both bloated like hell the next day)\n- Restaurant was WAY too quiet (they need to turn on the radio or something!)\n- Service was slow (or they often forgot simple requests like water, etc.)\n\nI will credit them for their spring rolls though... and the sweet little man who runs the cash register! (I think he's Minh's husband?)	2 star
	Tram's has better *ahem* \"atmosphere\".  Pho Minh has better Pho.	3 star
	I am a big fan of Pho Minh, and I have eaten here more than a dozen times.  I love how the Pho is served with fresh Thai Basil and lime on the side.  The Pho is delicious, and perhaps the best in Pittsburgh.	3 star
	I was expecting more meat on my pho ut it ends up can't fill me at all.	2 star
	Occasionally, when we couldn't get to the Cat Clinic on Saw Mill Run, I've taken TaiChi Kitty to this location on Liberty.\n\nSame great vet service, same great staff that loves and cares for kitty cats.\n\nAlthough this location was a little out of our way, the parking (all street parking) was definitely better than the Saw Mill Run parking options.\n\nSix of one or a half dozen of the other.\n\nTaiChi Kitty was always satisfied, either way.  \n\n\"Just get me home momma!\"	4 star
	The food is great. The employees are friendly, helpful and curteous. The place is spotless- always. You can get a great hot lunch. The menu selection varies from day to day. But it's always very good. And they make frozen dinners you can take home and cook. Everything about this place is much better than Donatellis. What's not to love?	4 star
	Best Tiramisu ever! But a sub-standard attitude? I was flying to Florida to visit my sister and wanted to gift her the tiramisu. Reached the shop 15 minutes before closing time and was treated to rude customer service. I was told that the store generally closes earlier than the closing time as there is a lot of cleaning. Well I do sympathize with that, but I dont see that as a reason to deprive a fan of some divine Tiramisu!	3 star
	My review will be short and sweet.  I AGREE with everything everybody had to say about this wonderful little Italian store in Bloomfield.  I hate grocery shopping (especially big store grocery shopping like Giant Eagle) but love to shop in this lovely little store.  Prepared foods are fantastic and the lunchmeats are always fresh and delicious.  I always manage to find everything I need here.  I am Italian and grew up with grocery stores just like this.  I feel like I am home every time I enter.	4 star
	I had such high hopes. And though they clearly pride themselves in their pasta and ravioli, mine fell apart like crazy. It was a mess. An expensive mess. Artichoke and Gorgonzola everywhere. Not only the seams fell apart. The pasta broke all over. I may go back for tiramisu in time, but I'll definitely hesitate before spending 9 bucks on a dozen pieces of watery mess again.	1 star
	This is a great PNC branch! Everyone is friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable about the services that they can offer.\n\nAsk for Maryanne. She's been with PNC for 35 years and is a real delight to work with.\n\nEvery time I walk in this branch, I feel proud to be a PNC client!	4 star
	A completely serviceable branch in Bloomfield. This is the closest branch to my house, however I generally seem to prefer other branches in the East End. The staff is generally very nice- I met with one of the consultants recently to discuss obtaining a PNC credit card. Sometimes the wait here is pretty long, but all of my experiences have been relatively good.	2 star
	Love the fish sandwiches, they are all they are cracked up to be.  If you want lunch - try a sandwich here - but order ahead for pick up, or be prepared to wait 30 minutes or more in a shady looking bar.  The bar is very smoky, although it is also stocked with a soda machine if you get thirsty waiting for your sandwich to be made.   Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10, I think its definitely worth it.	3 star
	I walked in to try the fish sandwich that I have heard so much about but decided not to stay. The smell of smoke is over powering.  If your not a chain smoker, opt for takeout.	0 star
	The bar reeks of smoke and the bar table feels sticky. You'll definitely feel like you're in the deepest hole in the way. The only good thing is that the drinks are cheap. But I really wouldn't recommend going there.	0 star
	Yes, the fish was good. However, the restaurant was dirty, the bathroom smelled so awful that I could not go in it. The waitress was RUDE, CRUDE, and downright  OBNOXIOUS!!!!  Was the fish good enough for me to ever go back - NEVER!!!!!!!!	0 star
	Cozy and dim lighting. Food is okay - large quantities for take-out, watch out!	2 star
	Love this place. And they have coupons too. The bonus is definitely the amount of food, you get enough for delicious lunch leftovers!	3 star
	Great sauces, wonderful meats!!  The meat is always tender.  The prices are a little below average, which is nice.  I never get the buffet so nothing to say on that.  The nan was perfectly cooked.  The only problem is that they don't deliver.  Great!!  One of my favorite Indian places in Pittsburgh!	3 star
	Pretty darn good, not the best but close.  Across from Children's hopsital so you have to handle the meter parking but usually spots open.  Staff is very nice and sincere, when you walk in you are not sure what to expect but it is a quaint, clean, comfortable interior with a bit of dress up.	3 star
	Darren brought me here, and as a Indian food n00b, I was impressed with everything included in the economical Dinner for Two which gets a diner nan, a meat dish, a veggie dish, dal, a dessert, and tea. The tea and kheer was a nice way to cap off the meal. The mango beef and alu palak were superb. I could live on the bread alone. They look to have renovated the place, and Darren said the bathrooms were much nicer this time around.	4 star
	This was my first time at taste of India. The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive. Most importantly, the food was fantastic. The flavors were well balanced and succulent. I will definitely be coming around more often.	4 star
	If you really know and like Indian cuisine then food here gonna be flavorless and bland for you. Tandoori chicken doesn't taste like one etc. Decor is tasteless and old. Carpet looks really dirty. I'm definitely not coming back.	1 star
	Not fancy but great Indian food at a really reasonable price. The eggplant was particularly yummy.	3 star
	So happy that these guys have finally reopened! I went there for dinner a few nights ago and really enjoyed it. I got the Tandoori chicken, which was moist and flavorful. My boyfriend got a mushroom and potato dish which was also excellent. Servings are huge, and prices are low!	3 star
	Went for the lunch buffet which was about $8. It was SO good! I ate wayy too much but still wanted to eat more! Everything tasted so fresh and delicious! The decor was very tasteful, fresh and Indian inspired. The staff was wonderful too, very nice!	4 star
	Comparatively mediocre to other indian restos. Not very flavorful. Naan is really thick and dense. Channa masala just tastes like it's chick peas soaked in tomato sauce instead of masala sauce. And daal makhini is similarly too saucy and not in a yummy sauce way. Kind of a bummer since there aren't many indian restaurants in the east end area. So my final thought post-dinner is \"meh.\" And I'm not even excited for the leftovers tomorrow.	2 star
	If there were an option to give an extra star for a \"special\" experience, I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of hope against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!	4 star
	The barber did a double take when I walked in. I had long hair and a beard two weeks old. He did a great job in less than 30 minutes and was very social and pleasant throughout.  The straight razor shave with all the hot towels and other treatments was particularly cool.	4 star
	I went as a walk-in on a random Wednesday.  Tom was busy, but he squeezed me in.  In about 15 minutes and with very little direction from me I had the tighest fade this side of the Mississippi.  It was pretty neat just to watch him work.  He's truly a master at what he does and I regret every dollar I've ever spent at those bargain \"value\" chains where the stylists are typically a revolving door of mediocrity.  I challenge you to find a better cut for $14.	4 star
	The expression 'a diamond in the rough' was made to describe Nico's. At the outset, Nico's looks like a garage to fix cars in because of the large painted sign outside. However, inside there is a full bar with a restaurant and tables. The food is pretty good bar food and it's a karaoke hot-spot on Saturday nights. The karaoke crowd is pretty diverse and if you are really lucky you may catch Abba singing the Dawson's Creek theme song. Waitstaff is nice as well. 5 stars for the recovery room.	4 star
	This will be simple...\nThe karaoke had a very limited selection. \nThe DJ kept fiddling with the volume while you were singing. \nWas way over-crowded with wanna-be hipsters who were attempting to be ironic which just made them look pathetic, especially since they kept taking pictures to most likely show Facebook people how much fun they were having and how great they are.\nThere was only one server for a bar packed with people and was hard to get a drink.\n\nWon't be going back.	0 star
	This is a friendly, hipsters-and-yinzers-living-in-harmony kind of joint. Sports on the TVs, Yeungling on tap--quintessential Pittsburgh. The fried fish (with fries and coleslaw) is Lenten-Catholic quality. If I minded cigarette smoke, this place would be a four; but since I don't, perfect score. Like Scorpion once intoned...\"Get over here!\"	4 star
	Pay attention to the bill.\n\nCurly haired male bartender intentionally added $20 of drinks to my tab. When I confronted him he blamed the extra drinks on my friends who hadn't been drinking those things in the first place.	0 star
	I don't understand why people love this place. I've been here a dozen times.\n\nThe beer selection is decent. The prices are good.  The bar food is typical.\n\nIt is just a standard bar to me.  If you want no frills beer and bar food, they are no frills.	1 star
	Good prices, good people, good dive-y atmosphere. What else could you want in a bar?\n\nThe place smells like cigarettes, but I don't care. I got drunk here and rapped Rick Ross. Isn't that the American Dream?	2 star
	This place has everything!  And it's cheap!  They've got a nice cheese and meat counter, lots of imported Italian goods, and house-made treats, pasta, and other foods.\n\nHere's a tip: try their chocolate-covered almond biscotti.  Mmmmm.	4 star
	Donatelli's is absolutely terrific--one of those local gems that make the Bloomfield neighborhood so wonderful.  Whenever I'm in the area, I make it a point to stop here.  Being that I'm half Italian, I love coming here.  The help here is really friendly,\n\nAlyson is right, try the biscotti!  As for me, I love the things that you can't really get at Giant Eagle.  They have terrific imported pastas and Italian condiments.  Their deli counter is unbeatable--certainly better than the aforementioned Giant Eagle.  I particularly recommend trying their cheeses!	3 star
	Jane is so right. The food and prices may be great, but who wants to eat dirt with it? I've seen someone mop the filthy snow tracked floor then put the bucket of water on the deli counter. No thanks. I'll pay a little more for sanitation. There are other Italian grocery stores close by.	0 star
	Donatelli's has some of the best prices for produce, deli meats, and Italian goods in Pittsburgh. Though, I found the general quality of the produce to be mediocre. For some of the produce offered at outstanding prices (such as the red onions), it involved doing some searching to find fresh items.\n\nI think it's a good neighborhood grocery store fir Bloomfield residents It's more worthy of three and a half stars than three stars.	2 star
	Jeannie is awesome! If you want a true Bloomfield Italian experience, this is the place.\n\nBreakfast is huge. If you can handle all that food for a cheap price, it's good for a hangover.	4 star
	I RUSHED to tan today after work. I got to Yolanda's at 7:20PM, only to find that the salon was closed. Both the sign on the door and the listed hours on the website state that Yolanda's tanning side is open until 8pm. I'm pretty pissed that I wasted time driving the whole way from Monroeville to Bloomfield for nothing. I've spent money on (multiple) tanning packages here, but I will definitely be taking my sad, untanned booty somewhere more reliable from now on.	0 star
	I live right around the corner, so I've been here a couple times. The atmosphere is local, and the service is friendly and attentive. What wins this place 5*s  is the food - some of the best italian food I've ever had! Pasta, gnocci... even the salads have been delicious. The bar is beautiful as well. It looks very old but in a good way. I was so surprised by this place - it's one of those Bloomfield gems that I was very happy to discover.	4 star
	Small menu, decor is barely passible, but the food is excellent. Has been getting more expensive over the years but probably one of the best vietnamese places in Pgh.  I always get the fried tofu and the chicken salad (goi ga). Shrimp curry is good too.  The place is run by a single family.  Waiter (one armed man) is a little short at times (my wife claims that he is always nicer to me than to him. She calls him the \"food nazi\") but he is much better when the place is not so packed.	3 star
	Tram's has slipped a bit!  I went a few days ago, and their broth, which is normally super savory, was less so.  Still, I tried the spring rolls this time and they were freakin' good.\n\nStill yummy, but no longer the best pho I've ever had.	2 star
	Pittsburgh doesn't have many Vietnamese options. Tram's Kitchen is the only place I've ever heard people mentioning. Today I've finally visited it. \n\nFirst impression: solid pho.  The soup had a good flavor, though the portion is a little small. I was disappointed that they did not have tripe or tendon, but the beef was cut thinly. The menu selection is not terribly wide, but they seem at least competent with what they do have to offer. \n\nEfficient family service. Simple ambiance. Dinner under $15.	2 star
	This place isn't much to look at, but when the I'm talking about a restaurant ambiance falls second to good food. The pho here is great. Really flavorful with a great balance of ingredients. I need to go back and try the Bun.	3 star
	Good place to find Pho in Pittsburgh, Pho-real!  It's messy/dirty.  That doesn't bother me.  I've had better Pho.  I've had better service.  But it's not horrible.  And I would definately eat there again!	2 star
	They have the best Pho (I get the vegetarian version), vegetarian spring rolls and tofu w lemongrass. Those are the only things I order there bc they are so delicious I can't bare to order anything else.  It's not the best atmosphere, but the food is delicious.. and that's what you go to a restaurant for!!	4 star
	This is the only pho place... taste is better than Lulu's that's pho sure.	3 star
	the pho was good, but not great.\n\ni got the meatball pho just because you don't see that everyday, and the meatballs and broth were excellent.\n\nthe problem i had was with the noodles. they use thin clear noodles that break apart when you go at them with the chopsticks. if they switched up the noodles to something thicker, the pho would be right on with amazing pho i have had in nyc.\n\nthe service could have also been better - not because of the language barrier, but in attentiveness.\n\nso good not great - but will go back.	2 star
	Tram has great Pho, and enough of it to feed all of Pittsburgh when the next fake Armageddon rolls around.	3 star
	[+] \npho soup \nrice spring rolls \namazing flavor \nwaiter with one hand \ndecent price \nbyob \n\n[-] \navg. ambiance \nwaiter with one hand	3 star
	love the pho and spring rolls !!! the best vietonamese restaurant !! i	4 star
	I don't see the hype. Bad service, bland food.	1 star
	Went here last weekend with friends. Two of us became violently ill with food poisoning. Ordinarily, I would recommend the spring rolls and the pho, of course, but since my trip to the ER, I won't be back here again.	0 star
	The food here was awesome.  Get some	3 star
	Great hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese joint. They serve all the standard fare, pho, split rice, vermicelli. I usually get the split rice dish with pork and at 8.95 the portion is very large. The only thing I've been slightly disappointed with at Tram's is the spring rolls. They weren't as fresh as I was hoping and some of the produce was slightly wilted. \n\nIt seems to be a family owned place, the service is quick, and the food comes out even quicker.	3 star
	Great food, awful service! (although some days the server has a less apathetic disposition than other days). I think that every time we've been here we've had chicken or beef curry with vermicelli, and it has been great! The lemon grass tofu was a pleasant surprise. They don't take reservations and the wait can get pretty long; come after 8 pm. BYO.	3 star
	What a great place! Such remarkable, tasty food coming from such a \"dump\"? Who knew?? Been here quite a few times and have always enjoyed the plentiful, tasty, cheap food. If you need atmosphere or want to impress, this isn't for you. If you want to thoroughly enjoy some fabulous Vietnamese food, this is your place! They do great takeout too. If I lived closer, I'd be here all the time. Best Vietnamese food I've had in the city for sure!	3 star
	Embrace the quirkiness of this place and you may just fall in love with it. Food is good, I always get one of their soups. Its nice that they recently cleaned up a little, repainted and all. cash only, but ATM in the front. nice insider tip for ppl from out of town.	3 star
	I'm looking for a Pho I can come home to late at night. A Pho I can dream about on cold days. I have an official Pho place- Pho Bang in NYC- but it's obviously too far away. So far I haven't phound the pho I'm looking for in Pittsburgh. I will persevere and try the other places, but it's hard to live up to Pho Bang. The spring rolls were good. So was the little boy who took my order.	2 star
	1.5 / 5 - Beef Pho: Kind of bland tasting\n2.0 / 5 - Pork Chop: Not much meat and as much flavor as I'm used to, but still good.	1 star
	The best Vietnamese I have tried in Pittsburgh. The Tufu lemon from the appetizers was just perfect. I found the place from Yelp.com and I would definitely recommend it! Very inexpensive too! I really like it!	4 star
	Talk about a hole in the wall. No frills at all here. One page paper menu with only a handful of dishes on it. Worth it for the pho and the price can't be beat.	3 star
	Just moved to the area and searched for a good place for pho. Stopped by and were pleasantly surprised.  The eggrolls hands down are the best we've ever had. Served them up with plenty of lettuce and herbs just the way we like it. The pho was good but nothing amazing. I had the curry chicken and was pleasantly surprised at how good the flavors were. Curry with just the perfect hint of sweet, so yummy! We will definitely be back! Don't judge a book by it's cover, this place is great!!!	4 star
	I tried this place, there food is good. They make the best egg rolls.  I never had to wait  long for a table also. It is BYOB	2 star
	Had a great meal here! The food was authentic, delicious and the older man who was our server was adorable!  I loved watching him joke around with the kids at another table who seemed shocked and intrigued by his heavy accent. My friend and I both ordered noodle dishes and were very pleased with our selection. I will definitely try this place again!	3 star
	The spring rolls are out of this world. The pho is good. We went for lunch and had no problem getting a seat. Cheap and delicious.	4 star
	This place never disappoints. The Pho is served on very large bowls (that is just the small).  The food has the same quality and taste and for some dishes even better taste than those trendy Vietnamese restaurants in NYC. The fresh veggie spring rolls are def the best way to kick off a meal. This is a small , family run place tucked away near children's hospital- but it is worth the trip.	3 star
	I had the fresh spring rolls and the pho, both are great.\n\nConsidering prices of all restaurants in Pitt, the prices here are very nice! For a large pho, it was $7-8. Spring rolls were $1.50 each.\n\nThings to note: cash only\n\nAlso, you can get the pho with beef, chicken, or meatballs. You get a nice portion, but the pho does not include tripe, tendon, flank, and other random meats you'd normally get with your pho elsewhere. \n\nBesides this, broth was excellent and portion/taste was great.	4 star
	I love this place.  The vermicelli is amazing.  It is a cozy hole in the wall.  The food is so good.  And it's BYOB.	3 star
	aw more memories!  many a very early morning / late night meal at ritters... \n\nfood was always yummy...	3 star
	Great place to go if you need grease and carbs to soak up all of the drinking you've been doing!  Many a late night was spent eating grilled cheese with tomato on rye and fries, and only a few nights in the parking lot hanging onto the light pole for dear life while hurling up that last stoli v and ginger!  A great place to be drunk in, not so great to be hung over in...  They have your typical greasy spoon fare, so don't go if you're concerned about your health.  Otherwise, eat on brave soul, eat on!	1 star
	I've only been here after 2 AM, and it's always been a flaming trainwreck of an experience.\n\nI've had to figure out if the waitresses were doing this as a halfway house job, I've had staff members not apologize while picking pieces of steel wool and green plastic scrubber out of my food, and I've witnessed an armed robbery.  The food is decent, for the hours they're open.  \n\nTry Tom's Diner or Eat 'n Park instead.  Heck, go to a grocery store instead.	0 star
	I don't know what it is (certainly not the food) but I love this place!\n\nPerhaps it's the individual juke boxes, the pie, the sassy waitresses, the 24 hour availability, or the fact that everything here seems to be a hang over cure but I just can not get enough!\n\nI used to live up the street from here and this was definitely my weekend morning hot spot! The food is pretty standard diner food. I've never come here late at night (and probably wouldn't want to) but in the mornings Ritter's is definitely a fantastic spot.	2 star
	Ritters is, for me, the definition of a diner.  If you go early an old grandmother will serve up a sloppy egg breakfast on plates that you can't be sure if they've been washed more than twice.  Go late night and you can join drunk college kids and \"the ladies of the evening\", just be warned that someone may have painted a section of the restroom with a fine layer of regergitated food (\"hey, is that creamed corn\").\n\nSay what you will about Ritters, it is a place full of character and full of characters.  Not to be missed.	3 star
	Conveniently across the street from UPMC Shadyside hospital.  \n\nGreat service and down home atmosphere is hard to beat. Had the liver and onions which came with choice of potatoes, veggies, and a hard roll. Normal person portions and with a coffee came to less than ten bucks. \n\nFood wasn't anything to right home about, but a nice experience, convenient location, and open 24 hours. \n\nCash only, but there is an ATM machine.	2 star
	Rittes is a classic old style diner in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh.  It has great diner food and of course great breakfast.\n\nIt has been a well know sober-up place for years.	2 star
	24-hour diner.  The food isn't overwhelmingly good.  It's been around for a long time.  Anytime is a good time to eat there.  Go after 2 and watch the drunks stumble through their meal.  Go in the morning and catch some early birds or old regulars scarfind down a cheap breakfast.  The servers are as pleasant as one can be when working at a 24 hour diner.  It's near UPMC Shadyside, located close enough to Oakland, and right by Bloomfield.	3 star
	I used to live around the corner from this place and worked across the street at the hospital. \n\nRitters is a great 24/7, greasy spoon diner with adorable vintage juke boxes at the booths, waitresses who have been there forever and patrons who have been lifers as well. \n\nIts certainly not a place to go for health food or fine cuisine, but its great breakfast food and even greater place to be for late night, after the bar, drinking.	3 star
	Great place to go at 3 am when your hammered and just want some food. Ritters only takes cash and the service can be extremely terrible sometimes. However, they are open 24 hours and will serve you breakfast. I think they've seen enough of their share of drunken idiots like us that they're used to it by now. Oh. Did I mention that they are open 24 hours. AWESOME!	2 star
	At 2am on a weekend night, the clientele is colorful, the service friendly and the food...well just forget about the food.  The food ranges from mediocre to bland.  Just be grateful there is a colorful place to go for a late night meal.	1 star
	Worst food in Pittsburgh. That's all. I have been there twice, never my choice, I had tummy ache both times. I think the food is boring. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with non-gourmet food, but Ritter's, is just \"blah\". It also was an unclean feel at times when you are seated and you look around. \nThey are cash only also. That doesn't both me at Pamelas, because the food is oh so delish. Here, you are just wasting you apetite on food that has TONS of rooms for improvement.	0 star
	Fantastic service, incredibly inexpensive, surprisingly tasty - that pretty much sums it up. As long as you come here knowing it is a cheap diner and not expecting something different, you will enjoy your experience. I had the spinach and feta omelet with tomato, which came with a side of hashbrowns. Each of these was great.	3 star
	Iconic diner so I've been told and the proof for me today was the fact that the parking lot was packed and there were at least 10 of us standing outside in line waiting IN THE RAIN for our turn at breakfast!  That says something either about the diner or about us (nevermind).\n\nThe line went fast and we had friendly and efficient service from our server, typical diner fare and what I expected.  It filled my stomach and I was happy.  I ordered french toast, bacon and orange juice -- nothing fancy.\n\nNote that they do not take credit cards.	3 star
	The food at Ritter's tastes like I made it at home, and this is not an endorsement.  I had the feta and tomato omelet, and it tasted skunked, like it had just been cooked in a dirty skillet.\n\nIt's a dirty diner with meh food, but it is open 24 hours.  If you're drunk, I bet the foood is great.	1 star
	I have mixed feelings about Ritters. I love it's location and of course the fact it's open 24/7 but you don't quite get what you pay for, compared to other diners. I do however love their pie! I got the strawberry shortcake and it was very large and delicious, definitely recommend.	2 star
	I'm a huge fan of diners and all their fat-filled-breakfast-food glory. However Ritters has left me doubting my borderline obsession. I got the buckwheat pancakes (apparently their specialty) - while they were fluffy and gargantuan the pancakes themselves were nothing to be desired. \n\nThis place is convenient, cheap, and open 24/7 so if you're in an altered state of mind stumbling around Oakland at 3 in the morning Ritters may be the place for you! Otherwise just go to bed. \n\nBut the service there was nice enough - remember to tip well!	2 star
	Late nite meal. Gyro was a bit dry. Coleslaw and fries were great.\n Rice pudding was great.	2 star
	This was some of the worst food I've ever had.  If this is someone's idea of nostalgia, nostalgia is a term I'd like to forget, and the reality is more like nausea.  Their greek soup (tasted like Campbell's chicken noodle flavored with lemon) and nasty lamb gyro douched with cucumber dressing will likely haunt me as long as I live.  For anyone looking for a good nostalgic diner experience, i can't make a recommendation because I've yet to experience one, but at least in this case, leave the past where it belongs.	0 star
	Food is ok and it is kind of greasy spoon.. The decor is interesting.	2 star
	People call it \"Critters\" for a reason.\n\nThe two times I've been there I was unhappy.  It's cheap, but the food is also gross and you don't get much of it (thank goodness!).  Very small toast, cold hard pancakes, and adequate dippy eggs was what I received last time I went.  \n\nOh, cash only too.	0 star
	Joyce was a great server. She took great care of our party of 7 and was very personable. \n\nCheap, average diner food. You can have subpar breakfast, lunch or dinner at any time of the day! Best consumed late night when nothing else is open. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here besides a late-night drunk snack.	1 star
	Ummm, we're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here. That was the last thing we had eaten for hours, and the next morning he DEFINITELY had eaten something bad after waking up... yikes.	0 star
	Don't get me wrong, the foods great, but when there's only a handful of booths full it shouldn't take an hour and a half to get breakfast. If you get to the point that you'd rather leave and go to McDonalds just so you can eat something it's too long of a wait.	0 star
	How does this place even stay in business. It's disgusting. The food is crap. Everything is filthy. All the waitresses look like crackheads. They screwed up a club sandwich & fries. How is that even possible?  It deserves negative stars for sucking so badly.	0 star
	Just popped in to Ritters for a late night dinner. It's definitely a step back in time. Shirley, our waitress, was really nice, funny and helpful. Upon her recommendation we each had the Hobo omelette which is filled with a gyro's meat,toppings and sauce. It was excellent! The side of home fries were crispy and delicious! Definitely give it a try!	3 star
	Ritter's is always good time. Good food and good people watching. Plenty of places to park in the parking lots. Had the grilled ritter's sandwich and it was yummy. My mom had the tuna salad sandwich and said it was good but she's had better.	3 star
	What you expect out of a 24 hour diner.  Food can be pretty good, service can be pretty bad.	1 star
	It is definitely an experience. Located in not such a great part of town. Very old. Food is just ok, grease upon grease. Everything came out from the kitchen hot, but looked like it was all cooked in the same grease in the same pan. Waitresses do not make much of an effort. She was more concerned with eating her meal.  Cashier was a breath of fresh air. She was chatty and nice.	1 star
	Best brunch ever!  You will have better luck getting seated quickly if you arrive by 10am.  They have the best potatoes in the burgh and it's good food that will stick to your ribs!  The service is always quick and friendly.	3 star
	Breakfast, breakfast, breakfast!!!  I've been here many times over the years 90% of which I've ordered breakfast.  Diner breakfast easily excites me and this place hits the spot!!  Home fries over hash browns and if my bacon bends and not breaks, then you can get  from me!  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here.  I love it here any time of day from early a.m. when the seniors are here to after hours when the drunks are here lol. Thanks for many delicious meals, Ritters, and hopefully more to come :)	4 star
	This place is definitely a throwback.  Whether you come in here at 3AM in a drunken stupor or 7PM for a quick meal the food is fantastic.  The breakfast items are all pretty standard but I do enjoy getting it sometimes for dinner.  Some of the other things you must try are the grilled chicken on a pita or the diner burger.  The menu is large and I constantly flip through it even though I know it like the back of my hand.  The service is usually very good and I love the quarter jukeboxes at the tables.	3 star
	Best drugs in town!	4 star
	Meh, if I'm feeling generous I'd give it another 1/2 star for the Italian wedding soup but my gnocchi and veal marsala were only worthy of a review to keep the exuberant reviews from getting out of hand.  I suppose I was expecting more out of Bloomfield, I would expect this service and quality outside of Little Italy.  I'd eat there again but it doesn't make me want to go back without trying other restaurants in the area.	2 star
	I came here awhile back, wanting to sample some of the Italian restaurants in Bloomfield.  I came on a weeknight around 7pm, and it wasn't crowded at all.  I ordered the gnocchi.  It was okay, and not a bad meal, but it didn't wow me--it wasn't really anything out of the ordinary.  On the plus side, my waitress was attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere was nice for a date.  Overall, an okay option for Italian, but I doubt I'll be back anytime soon, since there's better to be had elsewhere in PGH.	2 star
	There has been a pile of vomit on there sidewalk for 10 days, For the life of me I cannot believe they havent taken care of this, such a turn off.  Today is 10/3	0 star
	A great Pittsburgh Restaurant.  If you want to get a taste of some great local food here, this is one of those places. \n\nI would recommend that Fillet Mignon. I got a 16oz special cut medium rare.  One of the best Steak's I've had in a while. \n\nI've had the burgers here, and probably Pittsburgh's closest equivalent of RJ Grunts in terms of good burgers.	4 star
	Tessaro's has some of the finest burgers in the US.  A wonderful \"corner bar\" kind of atmosphere makes it THE place to take people in from out of town.  Grilled meats and daily seafood specials (try the prawns) are available and also an excellent choice, but the burger is easily the main event.  \n\nThere are a few downsides, it's frequently packed on the weekends, seating can be cramped, and taking a party of more than 4 is damn near impossible.  But I'd still highly recommend it to anyone!	4 star
	A steakhouse in Bloomfield.  Went there on a Saturday night looking for a good burger.  It was a little crowded.  The burger was large and very tasty.  The buns need a lot of work.  There was no bread or anything beforehand and no appetizers on the menu.   No drink list either, though there is a bar.  AND no dessert menu.  I just felt like they were missing so much and don't quite agree with the high ratings on this site.  The home fries were great though.	2 star
	Putting lamb in your burger is not my idea of 'gourmet' burger. Sure it tastes unique, but there are better ways to skin the cat. Good, but after a couple of times I got VERY tired of the 'unique flavor' of their meat.	1 star
	The burger was very good can't say anything bad about it. You will not be disappointed, unless you like fries with your burger. If that is the case you better look elsewhere. Not a fry to be found I find home fries a poor substitute with a burger. Just my two cents.	2 star
	These burgers are good.\n\nThe bread they use on said burgers sucks.\n\nDark and not very clean.\n\nBacon blue burger though was worth the trip.  I don't see myself going back very often.	2 star
	I've had better burgers at several other Pittsburgh restaurants. I have never eaten anything else on the Tessaro menu--and since it doesn't look very appealing, it's not likely that I will--but the burgers are just OK. The service, in my opinion, is often quite rude. The \"ambiance\" is loud, dark, dingy and depressing. Sorry, but I just don't get it. For a better hamburger, try the Sharp Edge Beer Emporium, Murray Avenue Grill, or even Five Guys Burgers and Fries.	1 star
	Tessaros has a full menu, but if you go there you need, no you must order a burger.   They have the very best restaurant burgers I have ever eaten.   Not greasy, great taste, and they grill them right there in the bar.\n\nDon't miss out on the best burger of your life.	4 star
	Delicious burgers- freshly ground beef and hand-shaped and cooked on a wood-fired grill- amazing. The burgers arrive and look enormous, but are so good, before you know it, your plate is empty. Only downside is it can get very busy and you'll have a long wait outdoors.	3 star
	Huge burger and good service, but the burger's more than a little bland.  It's cooked over a wood-heated griddle, which sounds cute, but the griddle means that it doesn't pick up much, if any, flavor from the wood fire.  (Might as well be cooked over gas or an electric griddle.)  Throw in some chuck or pork fat or spices or garlic or something with some flavor and it would be much better, too.  That they butcher it in the back and the nice service takes them up from 3 to 4 stars.	3 star
	OVERHYPED.  I've had better burgers almost everywhere.	1 star
	Usually when I think of a burger, I think of mediocre meat and lots of toppings to mask the crappy meat. Fits the craving sometimes, but just not a spectacular meal. \n\nTessaro's has defined for me a burger eating experience unlike any other. The meat they use here is awesome, both in texture and taste. I always order medium-rare.\n\nIf there's one place I'd take my out-of-town friends to eat, it would be here.	4 star
	Never been treated so poorly\n\nI went with three friends to eat at Tessaro's on a rainy Saturday evening.  I dropped them off while I parked the car.  The hostess  sat them and when she found out I was parking the car, she told them literally to \"GET UP.\"  She said they wouldn't seat them because I wasn't there.  By that time I had arrived at the table  my friends were still in shock by the utter rudeness.  Tessaro's was a Pittsburgh institution that my family had frequented for years.  Our treatment is a disgrace to its reputation	0 star
	The burger was pretty good but, I've had much better. Tables are really close to each other like others have said. What I really didn't like about this place was the service. We had to flag down our waitress just to get refills. We were rushed through our meals like we weren't wanted! I mean they weren't crowded or anything. There was one other table of people besides us on the dining side and maybe 10 people at the bar. \n\nI should have went to Five Guy's! I would have been much happier!	1 star
	Overrated. No seating until all members if party have arrived...so we awkwardly hovered over empty tables.  The second bummer here was the lack of french fries  - which is borderline criminal when you offer a burger.  The bun was dry, the burger was ok, generous portion of meat though.  Nothing special here.  the crowd here is about as un-diverse as you can get. not sure what all the hype is about.	1 star
	I would consider myself the burger connoisseur.  I would say the rare burger with mushrooms and raw onions at Tessaro's was definitely one of my best burger experiences.  The meat had a nice flavor and the bun was not \"bready\".  Two signs of a great burger and  the rest is just fluff.   The only reason I won't give this placet 5 stars is the bartender was not friendly...AT ALL!  Our waitress on the other hand made up for it.	3 star
	my burger was really dry and tasteless, and I ordered it to be cooked medium. I was disappointed in this place because everyone says its the best burger in town...I must be missing something. I thought the atmosphere kinda sucks and the way seating is done leaves much to be desired...overall might go back to see if it was just a fluke, but wont be rushing there.	0 star
	No joke, best burger I've had this side of the Mississippi.\n\nThe background here was that this establishment used to be a deli and they retained their butcher. Knowing the meat as he did, the secrets of the best burgers were passed down to the most delicious recipes in the most competent hands.\n\nRegardless of whether this is true or not, they do know meat and they do serve up quality grade. Don't be afraid to order yours medium-rare or Pittsburgh rare.	4 star
	Never understood all the hype about this place. The burgers are rather bland and burnt.  No fries, only their potato things which are NOT as good as any fry I have ever had.  And the wait was always ridiculous to boot.\n\nI admittedly haven't been here in a few years, but it doesn't seem like this is the type of place that would have changed.	1 star
	Eh,\n\nSo much hype, but the burgers are over ground and too big for the bun.  Maybe it was just over hype, but I want all the wonderful burger things to occur when I'm munching a burger, not just tons o' ground beef in a bun.\n\nTry BRGR just up the road.	1 star
	Stick with things off of the grill.  Also the Pittsburgh style chili is top notch.  I nice place for lunch.	2 star
	My boyfriend and I went here for burgers because there are so many good reviews and we heard that they're the best in the 'burgh.  I was disappointed.  I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was okay.  Maybe my expectations are too high, but I don't want a burger that's purely a slab of ground beef with no seasoning or other flavoring in it.  I've had more flavorful burgers at chain restaurants.\n\nI did like the home fries, very yummy!  And an interesting side dish.	1 star
	Gourmet burger with provolone was perfectly cooked and deliciously messy. The home fries are very tasty, but I could have gone for regular fries with the burger and didn't see them on the menu. Huge and oddly diverse menu. I believe I prefer burgatory...	2 star
	Came here to try their famed burgers.  I ordered the gourmet burger, and not bad.  However, it was absolutely nothing special. I felt like I could easily make it on the grill at home.  Also, the home fries were just mediocre.  \n\nI don't understand all the rave reviews for this place.  As for me, I don't think I'll be back.	1 star
	Best burger anywhere.  A Pittsburgh landmark.  The best hostess -- charming, firendly, makes everyone feel at home and as if you are her only concern.  The burgers are the highest quality meat, cooked to perfection.	4 star
	A classic! Perfect burger to compliment my visit to Pittsburgh. Can't wait to come back.	4 star
	Unlike my boyfriend Darren W, I'm not much of a burger fanatic, so when we came here last night, I tried their bbq chicken, and thought it was very good. Very moist and sweet. Also, as a side, I had the broccoli which was perfectly steamed. The service was awesome, and the place has an old-time charm to it. It worked for me. They have no desserts, but I guess that's what Oh! Yogurt's for. :)	3 star
	This is the only burger place I have ever been to that doesn't serve french fries. WTF? Went once, only due to bad weather, and would never go again.	0 star
	Start out by saying I worked there almost 20 years ago and the place and the employees are the same. In the restaurant business or any business constancy is key. The food is very good and the place is clean. It looks old because it is but that's part of fun. The family who owns it is a great family. If you go through Bloomfield stop in but make sure your hungry.	4 star
	After getting one of their \"famous\" burgers, I really don't understand the hype. Mediocre food and mediocre service.	1 star
	Eh. I was recommended this place buh one of my clients. I figured a 'gourmet' burger meant a good quality burger... Which, it was, in all respects of meat quality and unique toppers, but it was so greasy. I'm not a fan of overly greasy anything... \n\nJust my opinion thought. I am judging a burger on greasy content, so I'm a bit of a hypocrite.	2 star
	Finally made it to Tessaro's with my husband and another couple.  It truly does have the best burgers ever!  We all got burgers;  2 cheeseburgers and 2 Kelly burgers.  Absolutely delicious!  The guys got chile as well and it was very good...rich and tomatoey and very well seasoned.  The burgers were cooked to order and were great.  Our waitress, Jessica, was very kind and helpful and was a great server!  We will definitely be going back!	4 star
	4 of us came here for dinner and ordered burgers and drinks. The pino Grigio tasted bitter and when we complained the waitress acted like we were bothering her by saying anything and kept trying to walk away. She only came to our table 2 times when we were there over two hours. \n\nBad customer service and to be honest we had bad service all around.	1 star
	We came for steaks. Mistake. Probably great burgers (if you read the reviews), but that's it. They don't know how to cook steaks unless you like hockey pucks. They also have a wind problem every time the front door is open. Finally, a supposed owner that works as hostess needs to concentrate on her job and learn how a restaurant is run. We won't go back.	0 star
	This place is worth checking out of you want a great burger!   It will make you want to come back!	4 star
	I lived next to Teabags for over a year before checking it out and I definitely regret waiting that long. \n\nIt is huge on the inside, tons of bar space and plenty of room to stand and play pool. Clean for a dive bat, private bathrooms downstairs. Excellent jukebox. \n\nStaff has always been a delight, have enjoyed watching hours of random nonsense on tv with them. Prices are dirt cheap. They have a house drink called like the deep blue or something that is jack, schnapps, and curacao, get that you will not regret it.	4 star
	Good Italian food at a reasonable price..........some of my family don't like the Pleasure Bar, but they're just snobs.	2 star
	Great casual Italian.  The first time I tried (4 years ago), it was very average.  Since then I've tried several times and they have an updated menu and new chef.  My favorites - the meatballs are great! The italian bread pizza appetizer is delicious.  Potato balls and Italian egg rolls are famous.  Wings are average to ok, but that's my fault for ordering wings at an Italian restaurant.	2 star
	The appetizers were great. Stuffed mushrooms, but my seafood pasta just came up bland and too oily. The broccoli in it was overcooked and the shrimp were undercooked. Italian wedding soup was okay--tasted like it came from a can. For the price though, it was pretty worth it. \n\nWould only go back for the stuffed muchrooms	1 star
	Wow! If I could give negative stars I certainly would for this place. I wanted it to be decent because they have an ok draught selection and seating outside in the summer. That is where the positive qualities end. Food tasted like it came from a microwave - but that is actually generous, probably actually came from Fido's dog bowl. This is an excellent candidate for kitchen nightmares, the place looks straight out of the 80's and not in a cool hipster way either.	0 star
	This is a pretty cool place in the heart of Bloomfield. I've never eaten at the restaurant, but I've frequented the bar and it's always been serviceable. The bar in the front is very open with four sides and a bunch of TV's for game-watching. There's always some cute girl behind the bar looking to catch tips from young or old single guys from the neighborhood. Had some food at the bar once that was alright. Good for a stop-in at some point.	2 star
	not my fav! weird mixture of sit-downy restaurant and bar, with neither being really good.	1 star
	Despicable service at the bar, very selective about who they serve, and incredibly rude when you request service after they ignore you for 20 minutes.	0 star
	This place does not have good italian sauce it tasted like chef boyardee and my crab cakes were not cooked in the middle it was cold. I wont be back.	0 star
	We checked in very late but the concierge was very helpful.  The lobby is big and inviting and there's free coffee and wi-fi.  The rooms were clean and big, but what really sold me was the customer service.  The staff was super kind especially when I realized I had forgotten my family heirloom jewelry.  They were quick to assist me during my panic state and were able to locate my belongings and made sure they were safe within 5 minutes. Would definitely stay here again.	3 star
	Oh Twisters is fun. We had ice cream here not long ago. I had some Blizzard-type thing, and it was delicious. The girl behind the window was a sweetheart too. I loved her hair and piercings.	3 star
	The beauty of living directly next to Twisters is that well I have an unlimited supply of frozen goodies right in my backyard literally.\n\nI only get the chocolate vanilla swirl for myself and a small scoop of sugar free vanilla ice cream for the puppy.\n\nThe ladies that work there during the summer are always super nice.\n\nNothing to ever complain about here.	4 star
	Twisters really wasn't that great. I had a snickers flurry. The vanilla soft serve just didn't have the right texture and the snickers tasted stale. The medium size, which wasn't very big at all, was $4. I only give it 3 stars for the different choices they had. Vanilla, choc, or twist soft serve. Different Hershey's brand ice creams, milkshakes, floats, flurries, cones, slushies. And more! Other than all the choices, I would've given it 2 stars. It does have that cute small hometown charm and the woman working was very nice.	2 star
	Silky's (in Bloomfield) has the best BLT in Pittsburgh! I don't know the exact specs, but with what looks like about a half pound of perfectly crisp-tastic bacon on an appropriately sized bun, this sandwich is a meal.\n\nAs a bar, it's just fine -- not great, not too bad. It's packed on game nights and is a nice place to sit outside in summer.	2 star
	Awesome wings and they're 50 cents during all Pen's games	4 star
	My 2nd city.  And one of my favourite sports bars.\n\nTVs everywhere, great beer selection from the locals like East End to the harder to find in bars like Lagunitas.\n\nOh and shuffleboard.  As far as I'm concerned no greater drinkin game.  Write that down .	3 star
	They have an amazing on tap beer selection. Several small tvs. But if the Steelers aren't playing, they have old school pop music as the background noise, instead of another football game. I'm sure it's up to the bartender, but it just made for a weird vibe.	2 star
	I really like Silky's- it's a great little bar with a good two list. Last time I was there the southern tier 2xipa was on. So. Good. I had the Reuben and was so happy with it. \nCrispy buttery bread with corned beef and sauerkraut. The fries on the side were crispy and soft in the middle.\nI'll be back!	3 star
	Excellent food! Excellent service! I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service.	4 star
	good place for a quick Guinness, or grab a patio seat\n\nfood is good, their Rachael is worth ordering (to-go especially)\n\nA good neighborhood joint!	2 star
	Years ago I definitely would have given this Boston Market a five stars.  I now give this Boston Market four stars because of the corporate policy.  Boston Market serves their meals on real glass plates and real silverware.  Once customers are finished with their meals they leave everything on the tables.  During busy times when the dining room often looks messy as tables are often cluttered with napkins and dished which often have uneaten food on it.  I like the old method alot better.  Plastic plates and customers throw their own trash away.	3 star
	They are friendly professional reliable quick I think that's enough . I keep coming back to them because I trust them.	4 star
	$400 IN DAMAGES\n\nThey cracked my oil pan and it cost me four hundred dollars to repair. Everything was fine before I brought it here. Mechanic said it looked like they put my bolt in crooked and then hammered it in. Avoid at all cost. They will ruin your car.	0 star
	Terrible experience. I dropped my car off at 9:25 AM on a Saturday and there was one other person in front of me. I didn't leave until 11:05AM and was charged $99 for a synthetic oil changed. Overpriced, terrible customer service, and long wait times. Never coming back here.	0 star
	Very bad service. They are extremely slow. I waited 90 minutes even though there were just 2 cars in front of me. I bought the signature service which includes vacuuming which they didn't do at all. When I told them that, they just lied and said they did. Never going back here!	0 star
	Go there only if you want served uncooked fish, odd tasting salad, or way too sweet tea (btw - no unsweetened).	0 star
	I feel like Lot 17 doesn't advertise their tasty selection of food enough! You walk thinking you're going to find typical bar food but that is not that case at all. \n\nEverything is very fresh tasting and you can tell a lot of it is homemade! The reason they are only getting 3 stars is each time I've been there the service was so-so. Somewhat understaffed for lunchtime. :( \n\nAlso a word to the wise, their crab cake sandwich is outstanding, but deep fried! :)	2 star
	DON'T GET THE FISH!\n\nJust had a fish sandwich at Lot 17 and it was 85% breading and 15% fish.  It looks impressive as hell coming out in two big pieces hanging over the bun.  Of course it was only 7.50 which isn't bad but I wouldn't recommend anyone to get it.  There are other items on the menu that are Lent friendly. \n\nI have had other food at Lot which has been good so I felt the need to rate it 3 stars.  I will go back eventually but it won't be for a fish sandwich.	2 star
	My Merlot was decent but the calamari was not. The calamari while had hints of Italian seasoning was bland and became soggy of the cooked vegetables that they had underneath it. Plus I think I found a fry or two with the vegetables. Also Lot 17 had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there. Service could have been better. I might return for drinks but only drinks.	1 star
	I've been here twice and ordered to-go once.  The food is bad!  Last night our table ordered French fries, stuffed portabella mushrooms, and calamari.  The best of the dishes were the mushrooms stuffed w crab meat and topped w red peppers...the fries and calamari were terrible!  I don't want to come back here...it's over priced and the food is below ave	1 star
	Stopped by Lot 17 for some apps and drinks with a few girlfriends.  I was in the mood for some fries and got the regular ones which were piping hot and fresh when they came out.  I ordered a glass of cabernet but I probably should have opted for beer. \n\nDecent place for drinks and apps - it was crowded so they must be doing something right.  I would check this place out again and try a full meal.	2 star
	I always enjoy my time at Lot 17. You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back. The food is amazing. I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad. It is a MUST ORDER. The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers, wraps, or sandwiches. Go to Lot 17, you will not regret it.	4 star
	Consistently great food at a fair price.  I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu.	4 star
	the waitresses are salty.\nthe food is mediocre (at best).\nthe place is a total dump.\n\nhowever, it's open late, and the cook with the mustache is rad.  also, you meet the funniest people ever there.	1 star
	The only positive thing I can say is about this place it is open late.\n\nWe ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed.\nPancakes were burnt. Hash browns were burnt. A breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it. I was drunk I don't remember.\n\nBah. Cook/waiter was funny, so points for that.\n\nAgain, the only good thing was that it was open when I wanted food.	1 star
	Friendly, fast, the prices are fantastic. It's the definition of town diner. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Also they have grits, that's all I needed to know.	4 star
	I love this place!\n\nIt's not fancy, it's a little corner diner but their coffee is very good.  Better than some of our local coffee shops even.  Their breakfast is much better t	3 star
	A great option when there are no other options.  If you find yourself devastatingly hungry in Bloomfield at 3am to drunk to drive or walk ANYPLACE else, sure, go for it.  Otherwise, take a pass- your insides will thank you in the morning.  The times I have eaten here have induced self loathing  of the worst kind..  the only thing worse are the stomach cramps brought on as a result- but I was drunk and it seemed like a good idea at that moment.	1 star
	Nice, cheap diner food with a great, homie little vibe. Plenty of interesting people drop through all the time, and there's always good conversation.\n\nThe service is occasionally a bit slow when the diner fills up, but it's not usually much of a problem. The food isn't exemplary, but considering the restaurant's very reasonable prices, it feels like a deal.\n\nI stop by a couple times a week, would definitely recommend it.	3 star
	Its a tiny, greasy hole in the wall and I love it. I went for breakfast when my band was on tour, and the prices are small touring band-friendly! Breakfast isn't really hard to do, but I hadn't had anything that resembled home cooking in a while and I needed this place. This is now a must for anytime I'm in town.	3 star
	This has become another Bloomfield Institution.  It's a great place to get breakfast and they do serve lunch.  The hours are odd, so it's usually a breakfast or a late night weekend place.  The environment is very charming and warm.  It's a place you will run into your neighbors and other Bloomfielders and some interesting characters.  \n\nThe food is made with love and it shows.  The owners and staff are good people.  You can't go wrong.  The prices are very reasonable.	4 star
	Disappointing.  The food was below average and the service was ok.  We were expecting a lot from this restaurant but it definitely did not deliver.  Pasta was not homemade and sauces mediocre at best.  Wine selection is very weak.  The outdoor seating is a redeeming quality.	1 star
	Solid American Italian food that's not making a pretense of being anything else.  The service was incredibly friendly, the food was well thought out, as promised, and in ample portions.  Half price wine on Monday and Wednesday. \n\nWill be headed back.	2 star
	Very average Italian food.  If you're looking for a pasta+sauce experience, it's pretty boring.  Eggplant parm was a little better than average.  But all in all, not any more exciting than what I can make for myself with a jar of sauce and box of pasta.	1 star
	The food - bruschetta and fried ravioli apps, side salad, 1/2 order of aglio olio, and rice pudding - was pretty good. The aglio olio and rice pudding were the best parts of the meal. The service was good. Everyone was friendly. The interior could use some sprucing, but, all in all, it was good Italian food. I'll be back for the half-priced wine!	3 star
	Seat yourself in the back.... Only one server/bartender from 2-4:30 pm.... But good service regardless....fried ravioli was good.... Meatballs ok... Chicken rissoto was delicious....chicken eggplant parm was fried....( just to give a heads up)....lemon bar is very sweet( but good).  Carrot cake yummy....1 dessert is enough to feed 2!  Discounts for upmc family house guests..... It started raining and the manager offered to drive us back to family house when we asked to call a taxi... Great service for a good price.... Definately would recommend!	3 star
	Portions, food, & service were top notch. It was 2 couples and 5 kids. The restaurant is a bit cozy, but we were incredibly pleased with everything.  There was plenty of room in the bar while we were there. There is a parking garage right next door & there was a decent amount of on street parking available.	3 star
	Not real Italian. When there's a crab dish on the menu and you don't let your customers know this there's a problem. Imitation crab meat at an Italian restaurant doesn't fly. I was hoping for some good Italian while out of town and was truly disappointed. The bar service was extremely friendly about my compliant and did remove that dish from my bill. My entree was pasta and shrimp. I haven't paid $20 for a dish of pasta and 5 large shrimp in a long time. Don't worry but I won't come close to this restaurant again.	0 star
	Had veal romano, it was excellent, some of the best veal I have had in a restaurant in years.  The pasta was also very good, I chose the Gorgonzola sauce, also very good.   The waitress was very friendly and the cost was reasonable.	4 star
	I wasn't really a fan. In fact, this may hae been some of the most sub-par Italian food I've had (it seemed very touristy), and it was definitely my least favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh while traveling there on business the past few months. Cute ambiance! Cute neighborhood! Friendly local wait staff! But kinda touristy & uninteresting food pairings / ingredients.	1 star
	Looking at all the other reviews about this place, I wondered if we actually went to the same place.  I thought it wasn't very good.  I had the Eggplant Alexander which consisted of a bunch of soggy fried eggplant with a ton of cheese melted on it.  I've made much better at home.  My beloved had veal Parmesan.   Which was dry, overcooked and lukewarm.  Did we catch them on a bad day?  I'll never know because I don't think we'll return.	1 star
	I've eaten at Alexander's for a decade, but, like Del's, it's becoming one of those places where the food gets worse every time you go there.  Today, half the lettuce I had on my Caesar salad was rotten.  I have no idea why it ever left the kitchen.  And it was take-out, too, so there wasn't much I could do about it after driving all the way home.  (They gave me the wrong entr\u00e9e too, but at least it was edible.)\n\nI finally think I'm done with this place.	0 star
	A friend took me here for the best gnocchi I have ever eaten. We both chose the gorgonzola basil sauce; I added sweet baby peas and she added broccoli. We ate and ate and took home enough for dinner - it reheats really well. Clearly, whoever made that gnocchi is not a novice! Wine was half price since it was a weeknight, and the house cabernet was delicious. Service was stellar and the atmosphere is fantastic. I'd go regularly if I lived in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	Suffice it to say, this is not real Italian food and it's below average and overpriced when it comes to American-Italian food. The staff was excellent though and you will have great service and conversation. Thanks but probably won't be back.	1 star
	Crappy, boring, limpid. \n\nThe pastrami tasted bland, the bread was borderline stale and uninteresting, and the whole sandwich was a little wet and lukewarm. Got a Penn Pilsener from the bar, and it had the unmistakable taste of dirty lines - a little sour tang of lactic bacteria. \n\nHow is this place \"famous\"? Is it really? Can anyone please just brine some brisket and hand-slice it?	0 star
	I always thought I hated Thai food, but it turns out I just hadn't tried good Thai food!  Thai Cuisine is easily my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh right now.  As others say, try the curries; they're absolutely delicious.  Their mock duck and \"veggie chicken ham\" (it really does taste like chicken and ham simultaneously) are very tasty, and a welcome addition to the menu.  And speaking of the menu, Thai Cuisine offers an entire vegetarian menu!\n\nAlso, the service here is perfect.  Really.  The servers are incredible.	4 star
	Pretty good Thai, though slightly overrated. Hit and miss, with the curries more solid than anything else I've tried. Enormous portions.\n\nAmbience is very open and casual but somehow still pretty \"nice\". Seating is never an issue.\n\nIt's good to have more BYOB options. Go here with some friends casually, bring a growler or a couple of bombers, have a good relaxed time. Overall, I'm a fan, but wish my friends would want to go here less often.	3 star
	I love Thai Cuisine!! It is probably my favorite place to eat. I usually get their pineapple curry and it is fabulous. The service is usually great and they are always quick to refill your water glass. It is not cheap, but it is worth every penny. I also love that it is BYOB. I would recommend that everyone go there!	4 star
	All I'm sayin' is that I crave Thai Cuisine's Tom Kha Veggie soup. Perfect winter warm up, though I loved it in the summer just the same.	2 star
	Thai Cuisine is a good Thai restaurant, but the atmosphere is lacking. It feels akin to eating in a high school teachers' lounge (including the musical selections).	2 star
	I heart Thai Cuisine! Ryan B. and I always go there for our Thai fix! We ordered the Tom Yum shrimp soup, which was so flavorful and hearty, as well as the Won Ton soup, which was a million times more flavorful than what you'd find in the typical Chinese restaurant. \n\nOur entrees are typically Winter Curry, which Ryan B. LOVES, and Cashew Chicken, which is spicy and delicious. \n\n\nBe sure to BYOB, this place is a must!	4 star
	never had a bad experience until i ordered take out lately, but still pretty solid.	3 star
	Not much to say but I like this place. The Thai style fried rice with crab or lobster meat is pretty good. Service is ok and ambiance is good.	2 star
	fyi--no delivery!  still good for our purposes--carry out friday night.  \n\nRED CURRY soaked in sugar (but that's what makes it authentic!)\nPAD THAI passable but skimped on the green onions (definitely more authentic compared to whatever it is they call pad thai at Lulu's Noodles)\nYUM YAI salad nothing special but the SAUCE hit the spot\nTOM KHA GHA too heavy on the oil compared to better versions in my memory\n\nfor the price and proximity, will return probably for another carry out friday night but will probably head somewhere else if dining-in!	2 star
	I've been here twice so far and it is actually very good. I'm extremely judgmental when it comes to thai food and though the food wasn't perfect (but it was satisfying) i'm still going to give it four stars because I have yet to find a better thai place in Pittsburgh that isn't a murderously long drive away from our house.	3 star
	This place is aces for dinner. I've never been at lunchtime but have always been impressed with their dinner service. They're always busy but manage to have a swift table turnover. The BYOB/W makes it even better. It's nice to be able to bring my own and splurge on dessert.\n\nI have the massaman curry pretty frequently. I also love the tom kha chicken soup.	3 star
	I agree 100% on Maggie G's review. Over priced, bad food, and Pittsburgh DOESN'T know GOOD Thai food.. Plus $40 bucks on Take out...seriously? Ill pass I've had better Thai for less. \n\nYellow Curry (Ive added a picture of exactly how watery the curry truly is ) \n(x2) Spring Rolls (2 per order)\nDumplings (5 per order) \nWontons (4/5 per order)\n_____________\n\n40 BUCKS\n\nIll stick to Bangkok Balcony. No more trying out different Thai places in the city. I rather not waste my money on watered down curries and bland dishes which seems to be the norm for the Pittsburgh Thai scene.	0 star
	Bummer. Closed until the end of January 2012 for renovations.	3 star
	Great Thai food - ambiance is great, good service, great food!	4 star
	Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food! Service is excellent!!! We're kind of regulars now and we always get lucky to be served by this white guy who is awesome and polite. Their food is a little expensive but its so good. Try their tum yum veggie soup!!!! My favorite!	4 star
	I've had better Thai food, but curry was very tasty (had the Red Bean Curry). Red flag when we were served generic green tea (bag) in diner style mugs?!? & charged $2 for a 6oz mug of hit water?!! Green Tea should be served in a tea pot & cups (not mugs). Prefer the other Thai place 2 blocks away - more authentic!	2 star
	blandest thai food in pittsburgh I think.  You could really just walk down a few blocks and spend less for better food.  I think the only people that like the food are vegatarians since they have fake meats.  Their sauces literally are all the same, their curries are bad, and everything is way more expensive than it should be.  Their new facade is ugly as can be too.  It looks like someone used some old floor tile from a kitchen and used it as brick for the front of the building.  Looked way better before.\nD-	1 star
	Good food every time.\nWe get a lot of take-out from here and occasionally dine-in. \n All noodle dishes are great.\nTofu saute appetizer is a favorite of ours.\nSoup is yummy too!	3 star
	Food was not bad (I ordered the green curry chicken), but their poor choice of plates and cups (tea cups were like diner coffee mugs) didn't feel very authentic. I would order for take out instead next time.	2 star
	Pretty good and decently priced for a Thai place. I was sick when I went there (the ginger tea helped me quite a bit). The wait staff was very friendly and came over to ask if we needed anything on a regular basis even though it was close to 10pm.\n\nSpicy noodles were great. We also ordered the lychee curry, which I thought was ok, but nothing too spectacular. All in all a good place for decent thai food in pittsburgh.	3 star
	They only deliver through WheelDeliver.com	0 star
	Great location!	3 star
	One of my favorite Thai places in the city.\n\nThere isn't one complaint I have about this little place.  The hostess greeted us and gave us a choice of tables.  The waiter introduced himself and gave his recommendations on the menu.  We ordered an appetizer, meal, and dessert.  He did not rush our meal, which was fabulous.\n\nDessert....we had the mango with sticky rice...delicious.  This was a new item that I tried and I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nThere isn't much that will keep me away from this wonderful place.	4 star
	Awesome!  We ate here several times and everything was very good.  Good service, clean place, and the noodles...	4 star
	It is okay for the food, but really not what I expected. The green curry is actually yellow curry, oh well.	2 star
	Pittsburgh has very few good Thai resturants. I ordered here for delivery. It was the best delivery I found in my area for good Pad Se Ew. They only have delivery through Wheel Deliver , which makes it too expensive really to order ofter(would have been five stars if not for the outragious fees to order via wheel deliver). But the food was so dang good! So go in and takeout or sit down.	2 star
	First of all, despite my hatred for PF Changs, I love their lettuce wraps. I'd do dirty, horrible things for their lettuce wraps. These lettuce wraps were not PF Changs lettuce wraps. The search for PF Changs comparable lettuce wraps continues. \n\nBesides that, the food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary for Thai food, but it was a little overpriced for the servings that they were offering as well as the quality.	2 star
	very delicious and good service. byob, which is a dream. love this place.	4 star
	The Tom Kha is delicious. All of the curry's hit the spot as well, my favorite is the red bean. Thai Cuisine has many traditional dishes as well, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before. As far as my decade of experience goes here, all of the food is good.	3 star
	Okay Thai food, nothing special, and overpriced. Ordered the eggplant with shrimp, veggie fried rice, and chicken satay. Eggplant was okay but lacked adequate quantities of shrimp. The veggie fried rice and chicken satay were both substandard as far as other Thai food restaurants in the area. It is pricier than most other Thai places in the area and based on the quality, I would not recommend.	1 star
	Great food, never had a bad meal there.  I love that they get their desserts from Signature Desserts.	3 star
	Note the date on this review because, yes, this place used to be awesome. I keep giving it chances and now i am DONE. I just had the worst meal ever here. It is the NV salad. It used to be my favorite and i would come once a week back in the day. This salad was so nasty...they forgot the cheese...forgot the salsa and sour cream...it was disgusting. Ad the draft beer is luke warm. Not surprising it was empty when it used to be packed on friday night for dinner.	0 star
	Very strange place. Idk what was going on but I went in around 12 pm and there are tons of young kids (5-8) running around the bar. Not a big deal just thought it odd. Got a huge plate of nachos were alright. The rest of us got assorted hoagies. Just meh sorta flavorless. And side dishes tasted as if they were made a long time ago. Good place 4 a large group to drink get apps tho.	1 star
	I haven't been to the Getaway in a few years, and now I remember why.  Aside from my hubby, who got a burger and fries, we were all rather underwhelmed with our dishes.  Once upon a time this place used to be really good.  Now not so much.	1 star
	Went to Getaway last night for famous fajitas. Not so famous anymore... Waitress brought steaming hot plate after very long wait, she forgot the taco shells, when she finally got back , she brought pita bread instead, I corrected her she appologized and fixed it. The cooked meat was bland , no seasoning, like they used to have.wifes steak was overbooked and dry.were looking for a new place now.	0 star
	I feef that the waitress was not trained correctly and she should never have been fired	1 star
	Fiori's has the Best Pizza on Earth, hands down. I have been eating there since we moved to Brookline in the 70's. My god, this pizza is perfect, the sauce sweet, the pepperoni crispy, with a small pool of the, oh, so good grease. I always dip my crust in it , heh. They have some Shakies behind the counter if you ask. Expect to wait if you stop while bar hopping and actually even finding a parking spot, can be a task. Man, I can't wait to get back to Pittsburgh.	4 star
	A south hills legend.  The only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.	3 star
	I LOVE Fiori's. The thought of their slices makes me drool. I can't think of a more perfect pizza anywhere. The pizza sauce is so deliciously sweet, and the crust is the perfect ratio of crunchy to chewy.	4 star
	My fave pizza near the burgh.  The sauce is so unique... it's sweet and delicious.  I like the wings here too.  I don't know why.  I just like the combo of hot wing sauce with sweet pizza sauce.  Located in a weird spot up a hill, near a feisty local bar.	2 star
	A friend of mine calls this the best pizza in Pittsburgh.  I disagree, but it's definitely up there with some of the best.  Maybe top three?\n\nEverything was quick, and the pizza was good.  Sadly, there's not much of a story here, or any room to expand.  Therefore, a short review.  \n\nOh yeah, holy crap steep hill for parking on! You could probably park elsewhere, though... I didn't know what I was doing, so I climbed the hill a bit and parked in that neighborhood.	3 star
	Just the facts:\n\n1) Realize there is a difference between authentic Italian pizza which varies from region to region and American/Italian Pizza.\n\n2) Fiori's falls under the latter category.  This is not authnetic Italian pizza.  In my opinion, is the best American/ Italian pizza in the Burgh (because of its sweet sauce).  There Italian Hoagie is great as well.   Most people havent tried their pasta  which is remarkable good for a pizza joint.\n\n3) Have been eating here since I was 5 years old.  I craved this pizza when I was living in Ital\n\n4) Parking sucks.\n\n5) ATM inside cash only	4 star
	I really don't understand the hype of this place. To be honest, had the personal recommendations from friends not made this place seem like the biggest deal in the city, then I would have probably rated it a 3 or 4. The pizza was just OK. It was decently greasy and the crust wasn't all that special. They wouldn't deliver (Even though I am literally a few blocks from them) and they don't accept credit / debit card - a huge downfall for me.	1 star
	Stifled my pizza fix but I found the sauce a little too sweet.  The place was packed so they are clearly doing something right.  Employees behind the counter were very friend, great local feel.  Very little seating so be ready to grab take out if necessary.	2 star
	Just tried this place for the first time the other day. Personally, I'd consider it one of the best pizza joints in the city. Extra cheesy! I'll definitely be back again. Parking  on the street is a bit tight, but its definitely worth it.	4 star
	Good pizza . Not the best but good.  It would do them a lot of good if they took debit cards/credit as payment rather than the very antiquated cash only .  I'd think they'd double their business, at least .\nDelivery would be nice but I live close by so it's not a big deal to get there .\nThe hoagies are so so .  \nGood luck parking your car if you head here at night, especially.  Seems to be a favorite spot for night-shift city cops to chow .	2 star
	Maybe the best pizza in Pittsburgh. If you want to see how pizza is supposed to taste give them a try. If you live near them and you haven't tried their pizza you probable live under a rock and don't deserve this delicious pizza.	4 star
	This has got to be one of my favorite places for Pizza in all of Pittsburgh!  When a pizza place does not have to deliver or even have a convenient place to park to pick up your carry out order, but is still slammed day in and out, it tells you something!  Secrets in the sauce!	4 star
	There are some great pizza places in this City, and this is one of the best. Good balance of quality ingredients, and crust is consistently finished. The  small interior can get crowded at times, but the pizza is worth the minor inconvenience. Easily on par with Aiello's and Mineo's in Squirrel Hill, two of the more decorated pizza joints in Pittsburgh. Fiori's gets extra credit for using the small spicy pepperonis and always having a pinball game in the corner!	3 star
	Excellent Pizza. We got the large with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. It was VERY busy on a Saturday night but we got our food in a reasonable time. I suggest ordering to go, seating can be limited. Will definitely come here again.	4 star
	Good little pizza place. The sauce is somewhat sweet like others have said, but all in all a good little place to grab a slice.	3 star
	Purchased a '12 Prius. Have been in for 2 scheduled maintenance services and am very satisfied.	4 star
	Basically when we took our car in to see if they would look at the issues with our car they responded like a bunch of mindless monkeys with wrenches. Toyota will not take the time to find the solution to what is wrong with your car. Do not buy from Day or Rohrich, they will not care about you or whatever is wrong with your car. Also, their warranties SUCK.	0 star
	We've been to a lot of car dealerships in the last few weeks, and this was hands-down, the worst experience of the bunch. We were first ignored, then made to sit and wait for pricing for more than 20 minutes, for no apparent reason. We will definitely not be going back.	0 star
	Love the store. Nice stuff. Price reasonable. BAD parking...Employees at this location are nicer and willing to help compare to the one at Ohio River Blvd....Easy check out. Friendly staff.....	1 star
	It's a like a stampede when you enter this store! The least of the problem is the other shoppers, but the staff are gruff and unfriendly. Wasn't worth it for me.	1 star
	Parking sucks. It smelled. They are way way overpriced!  I saw a bag priced at $15 that was apparently donated from a yard sale because it had another tag for $3!  Just really lots of junk. Also it's a cash only place but they do have an atm. Their clothes are sorted by color which is cool.	0 star
	I've been to many thrift stores in my life and this one is definitely over priced! They are selling some items at a price that I could spend on the same item brand new! \n\nThe store closes at 6:00 which is very inconvenient for most people who work a 9-5. I had to rush to get there after work and still didn't get there until 5:45.\n\nIt is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude.\n\nI'd rather spend my money at Goodwill!	0 star
	Mike, the owner/cook, is awesome and the food was delicious.	4 star
	A revisit for dinner, and three of the four of us ordered meals with salad and rice rather than sandwiches. The salads were really good, with chunks of feta and interesting spices - but the plates just reminded me that the sandwiches, with all of the ingredients married together in saucy, pita-wrapped  goodness is where It's Greek to Me really shines. The sandwiches?  Five stars, no question. Play to the strengths of their menu, and you'll leave happy.	2 star
	Kribel's is a Pittsburgh / Brookline institution. They have good treats, but I would say the flavors and selection are just average.\n\nThey definitely have some must-haves, such as their donuts, but I prefer Party Cakes selections and tastes a little more. Either way, I think it's great to have two solid bakeries in Brookline!	2 star
	First visit here last Friday.  Figured we would try a few items.  Got a longjohn donut, cannolis, and 2 mini-pies (lemon meringue and coconut cream).\nBest longjohn donut I have EVER had!\nThe cannolis are pretty good, a little on the sweet side for cannolis, though.\nThe pies?  meh.  The pie filling did not taste home-made, especially the lemon meringue, and the coconut cream filling was bland.\nWill definitely return for a donut, and will sample some of the other goodies, too.	3 star
	Very sad to find that donuts are made the day before.  I ordered three dozen donuts at about $10 a dozen, and found them to be stale and bordering on disgusting.  With all the awesome donuts in this town, why would you sell \"yesterday's donuts at today's prices?\"  Won't be returning there for any baked products as I have no idea when they may have been baked.  The woman that works at the counter is very sweet, I wanted to support this local business, sadly, I cannot.	0 star
	Pita Land has the best pitas in the city, hands down.\n\nThey also have amazing spinach pies and pepperoni rolls - well, technically, they are not pepperoni rolls, but pita pepperoni rolls. Which is even better. \n\nI brought a $8 jar of tahini from Giant Eagle and came in here two days later and saw I could have brought twice as much from here for the same price. Once I finish that jar, I am coming here to buy my tahini.\n\nThey also sell gyro sandwiches for $5 on Saturdays. I haven't brought one, but I sampled one and it tasted good.	4 star
	Score ethnic food! I will say that I love their hummus. It's very tasty as well as their pitas (which appear to be sold all over the city). The staff is friendly and helpful and they have many things that you can't find anywhere else.	4 star
	Pitaland is the best run business in Brookline (with las palmas a close second).  The caf\u00e9 is well staffed and the food is delicious.  I love the breakfast flatbreads and falafel for lunch.  In a slew of mismanaged bars with little to no fresh food offerings on the Boulevard, Pitaland is a savior for us locals.  Support them with your business!	4 star
	Pita Land, olive you.\n\nI don't know why I don't come here everyday.\n\nIt's a great little market, where you can get delicious Mediterranean/Lebanese/Middle Eastern groceries. They have fresh made hummus, dips, pita bread,  you name it! And everything's reasonably priced (don't have to shell out too many leaves for my grape leaves ...) \n\nBest of all, in the last year they opened a cafe inside. It's damn delicious and cheap to boot! The gyro, lamb burger, french fries with rosemary dip, flat breads are all excellent and won't disappoint!	4 star
	I was looking in Pittsburgh for a cuban rum cake... so after looking in different bakeries... I called the party cake shop and they have an italian rum cake... so I asked them that if they could make some changes, and they did.. the cake was delicious vanilla rum cake and white buttercream, pretty close to the cake that we love from Coral Gables Florida :) and the ladies very sweet they helped me to take the cake to the car because I had to babies with me... thank you so much.	4 star
	Had a delicious lemon curd paczki and another raspberry jelly paczki (great taste but the sugar content of the filling was a little overwhelming). I recommend the lemon curd. Friendly counter staff.	2 star
	owner is a terrible terrible person. tossed me out for no good reason. i found the food very average overall	0 star
	Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!	1 star
	Seeing the signs for quite some time, we were glad to learn that Carhops is now open in their new Strip District location!  1806 Smallman St, in what used to be \"Bill's Produce\".  Same great menu, same great taste!	4 star
	Worst McDonalds!!! they took 45 min for one burger BULLSHIT!!! someone needs fired!	0 star
	I've never had bad drive-thru service here and their food is sometimes all you need. Like when I'm hungry, and Darren isn't around, and I don't feel like cooking. lol.	2 star
	Seriously the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. Service is always slow. I'm currently sitting in the parking lot right now with about 4 other cars from the drive thru that are waiting for food. If I could read my receipt (printer must be low on ink), I'd call the corporate office and tell them to fire the whole place and start over.	0 star
	good no-frills old-school chinese grub on the doudy eastern end of brookline boulevard.  some nicer lighting / interior design would do them well.  the space is dim/gloomy and just ... utilitarian ...  i guess you get what you pay for  ?  i love the mongolian beef and the hot n sour soup is delightful on a frigid cold winter day in pittsburgh ...	2 star
	Had the chicken kabob and hummus. Didnt enjoy either, hence, the two stars. On the other hand, the bartender was really nice. Might give a second try.	1 star
	Wonderful surprise in the South Hills desert of chain eateries. Romantic interior that's a refreshing throwback, and the best hummus and iced tea I had in Pittsburgh. The kebabs are sizzling, generous, and delicious, and the staff friendly.	3 star
	This restaurant has a lovely atmosphere. It's beautifully decorated. Our server was attentive. We started out with a hummus platter. It was just ok, the pita was pretty dry. I ordered the chicken Romano it was absolutely delicious. The pasta that came with it was also good. I will be back again soon.	3 star
	Friends and I were looking to order Chinese food on a Sunday afternoon. Unfortunately, Sesame Inn doesn't deliver until after 4pm. They're prices are a little more expensive than other Chinese places I've been too and the quantity of food is less as well. Quality of the food we ordered was find though and ready for pick-up when we arrived. Unless I was really craving Chinese food, I'd probably go with somewhere else.	2 star
	If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, this isn't the place.  If you are looking for well made food with generous portions, you have come to the right place!	3 star
	If you're seeking bland, salty, Chinese food where every entree tastes exactly the same as the other...this is your place!	1 star
	Nice interiors ...food's just like any other chinese restaurant offering	2 star
	Some of the highest quality and best Chinese food you'll find in the area, but with a price tag. This is a place to head to celebrate, not to consistently order out.	3 star
	The oil to sauce ratio for my Kung pao chicken was 1:1 - maybe worse.  I couldn't eat it.  I literally had to rinse it off under hot water in order to salvage a few bites.  This isn't the first time that I have had this problem here.  Takeout is gross.  I won't be back.	0 star
	Went here recently with my husband and a friend. Luncheon buffet was already closed, which was fine with me as I abhor buffets.\n\nFriend got something plain like chicken &broccoli and thought it was good. Whatever I got was forgettable. The reason for this review was to report that my husband's usual done to death General Tso chicken, which was actually the best GT chicken I've ever had bar none. I kept picking off my husband's plate. I would much rather have this than the over hyped Panera	2 star
	Eh, I wasn't crazy about this place. My sesame shrimp was just ok and nothing exciting. The same could be said about the almond puff dessert. The steamed dumplings were pretty good, though. The service was not great at all. Weirdly enough it's inside the Galleria right above Dragonfire in an open loft.	2 star
	Their food is delicious!  They also have fresh sushi. The only thing I've had that I have not cared for is their hibatchi. I had the hibatchi chicken and my friend had hibatchi shrimp. They were both dry. We were disappointed because normally the food is outstanding. Lesson learned. Stick to the Chef's specialties and the sushi.	3 star
	Horrible experience!!! I wouldn't suggest this salon to my worst enemy!! \n\nSpent close to 4 hours there for highlights and a haircut!!! May of taken so long because, I was given two hair treatments... That I NEVER asked for!!!! My highlights were not even blonde.. as I asked for!!! \n\nGrossly overpriced.. Beware for the treatments given without consent!! You will be charged for them despite never asking for them!! When you call to speak to manager/owner about your $250. Negative experience... He will never return your call!!	0 star
	Il Pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta.  I highly, highly recommend eating in the \"wine bar\" out back - where the main restaurant is loud, bright, and crowded, the wine room is darker, more romantic, and closer to the bar.	4 star
	Probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza...	4 star
	You won't find more authentic, quality, Italian food with fresher ingredients. I've traveled all over the country and this place really can't be topped. That being said, it's become VERY difficult to have a casual meal here for under $100 (2 people). If money was no object, I'd eat here every week. That being said, I find myself not going as much because I'd rather enjoy filet at Capitol Grille for the same price as a salad, pizza, and two glasses of wine at Il Pizziolo	2 star
	Still one of my all time favorite places to eat!!! I now live in New York City and haven't found anything like Pizzaiolo. This place is a real treasure!	4 star
	Excellent thin crust pizza served in a pleasant rustic Tuscany style restaurant along with the Pizza we enjoyed a very nice caesar salad with anchovy and a fresh zesty citrus dressing\nThe wine list is also very good, heavy on Italian wines with some good by the glass specials\nService is professional & prompt	3 star
	This place has the best pizza I've ever had besides Keste and Paulie Gs in NYC.  Wood fired greatness.  Expect to wait on weekends in a crowded wine bar.  FANTASTIC red sauce and olive oil.  Not extensive on the wine list but good by the glass selection. A gem in Pittsburgh.	4 star
	Tucked in a corner table in their wine/back house location was cozy given the rain pour happening outside. I ordered a chianti to start and then we ordered the vegetable app dish to share, which were both good. For my main meal I ordered the margherita DOC pizza based on the reviews. Delicious, fresh flavors though my pizza was a bit soggy which was a bit of a downer given the raves. However I would be interested in coming back and making sure that wasn't an anomaly.	2 star
	Now, this isn't the best pizza I have ever had, but it is the most authentic and that is why it is getting 5-stars.  I was craving and in search of a place where I could get the most authentic DOC style Italian pizza, and I honestly think that this place is the best I have ever had at making a certified Margarita pizza.  I cannot wait to go back: luckily, my grandma lives across the street!!	4 star
	The most delicious pizza and the best cocktails in the area!! Such friendly staff!! I've always had an amazing experience!!	4 star
	Il piz, is a Mt lebo staple, but not that great.  We ordered the bucatini americano and a pizza.  The bucatini was good, but not a great value.  I was excited about the pizza because they cook it in a brick oven, which should make a great pie, but was disappointed when it came out soggy.  Should have been nice and crisp.  There weren't even many toppings to make it soggy.  probably give it another shot but not my first choice considering the prices.	1 star
	Ok...so, it's difficult to give this a star rating as I had a mixed experience. The caesar salad is one of the BEST I have ever had, but the pizza is one, if not the worst I have ever had. I ordered the margarita, sauce, cheese and basil. Well I think they may have run out of cheese and basil. It was a wet tasteless mess. I may return if craving a good caesar.	1 star
	I have tried II Pizzaiolo twice now and I am not a fan. The food was very good but over priced and the atmosphere is stuffy and very loud. If you are looking for a relaxing night out, this is not the place to go.	1 star
	I always used to make sure to have dinner here during my yearly visits to Pittsburgh.\nThis will be the last time as the food was mediocre and the restaurant  looked like it was neglected. There are many new and better restaurants to choose from.\nThe sad state this once cutting edge restaurant devolved into is a real shame as it used to be one of Pittsburgh's best.	1 star
	This used to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat. However I had such horrible service here on my last outing that I will NEVER return here again. The server was rude and ungrateful. She reminded me of Lindsay Lohan filming her reality show.\n\nThe atmosphere in the wine bar is fabulous and the food is decent. I really like the pizza and marinated vegetables. The meatballs are also excellent. Sadly I cannot support a business that provides such poor service.	1 star
	They no longer cut your pizza for you.  Instead, they give yiu a \"pizza knife\".  Trust me when I say it is barely better than a butter knife.  The server explained that the no longer cut their pizzas b/c it makes the crust go soggy quicker if it is cut.  I'm sorry, but that is just plain LAME!  I guess I will have to bring my own!	2 star
	$20 for a personal pizza with cherry tomatoes, and \"some\" smoked Gouda. \n\nNo salad. No meat. \nNo dice. \nBetter deals and better food at a mall food court.	1 star
	Just way to expensive for what it is. It's good but not at the prices they choose. $9 for wedding soup? It was good, but not at that price and if I would've been told it was that much (was a special) I would've passed. Service was fine, but not attentive and slow, as well. Just so many other good Italian places in the area for half the price. Eggplant parm was enjoyable.	1 star
	I've found a new lover, and his name in il Pizzaiolo...\n\nI felt like I was in a quaint little restaurant in Italy. The food was amazing! The meatballs were delicious, the prosciutto plate was heavenly, and the spaghetti pomodoro was delectable! My only gripe would be that the pasta was a little too undercooked for my taste. They were a little harder than al dente, but still good. \n\nAdditionally, the wine list is very nice.\n\nThe service and atmosphere were ideal as well. I will definitely be back!	3 star
	First of all, Sarah was the most awesome waitress!!! Loved her wine selection suggestions, as well as dinner entree recommendations!\nThe Paccheri Alla Siciliana was a wonderful marinara sauce tossed with eggplant Fresh Bufula Mozzarella balls and was delicious! \nThe pappardelle al funghi, a delicious while wine and olive oil sauce, was tossed with pasta and shiitake mushrooms! \nBoth dishes were delicious and the amazing pure ricotta cannoli for dessert, excellent!!! \nHighly recommend this restaurant. We ate in the upstairs wine bar. But will definitely come back to sit in the beautiful courtyard garden!	4 star
	Extremely pleased! Loved the bread at the table, wedding soup was amazing, the pizza I chose for dinner was very unique - fried the finished in the fire oven. It was excellent. Loved the Italian craft beer as well! Will be back!	4 star
	Great sushi bar. The staff and owner are extremely attentive. Great presentation. Decent price too. And I got to sit next to Mario Lemeuix at lunch a couple weeks ago!	4 star
	I think this restaurant fits american taste. Because i was the only non american to eat here just now, even though the seats are fully occupied\nIt doesnt taste like an actual japanese cuisine, it is very chinese. And i can smell chinese food right after a few second entering the restaurant. The sushi is not even firmly made\n\nI am not saying the food is bad, it is actually alright\n\n\nBut they have a great interior and place	1 star
	Awesome sushi. Nigiri sushi here is a must-try.	4 star
	With prices this cheap,\nI expected bland sushi.\nBut hey, it's Pittsburgh.	1 star
	Love Little Tokyo. Dedicated customers keep the place full all week long and on the weekends. If cleanliness is important to you, this is the restaurant you want. You could safely eat off the floors. Staff is friendly but unobtrusive. A definite favorite.	4 star
	Best fresh sushi in town. Their prices are great and the service is good. They also own the Little Tokyo in South Side and both places are awesome.	4 star
	I love this place!! I'm not a sushi fan, so I have 2 words for the non-sushi eater: Hibachi chicken! Dip it in that yummy shrimp sauce!	4 star
	Let's face it,  this is not Japanese food. The food is ok but it is really more or less Chinese food. The soups taste Chinese and lack the umami quality because they are not hon-dashi based. The rice used for the sushi is totally incorrect long grain rice, and not properly vinegared.	1 star
	Good experience, will def. come back if I'm in town for work again!	3 star
	Always a good sushi spot.  I've had sushi a lot of different places in Pittsburgh and Little Tokyo in Mt Lebanon always hits the spot.  I'd consider in the top three. \nMy wife and I had miso soup and the green salad as appetizers.  Both good, not great, but good.  \nThen we got the eel sashimi - Great.\nPittsburgh roll - Okay.\nRainbow Roll - Good, I've had better though, the freshness was just decent.\nand the Salmon Sashimi - Not bad, but again not great.\n\nThe service is good and the place is clean with good decor.  \n\nGood date place too.	3 star
	Meh. The outside and insides are nice and trendy, and the sushi was pretty good, but my Nabeyaki Udon had a really odd flavor that didn't sit well with me. The place also smelled like fish, and that's never good. I don't know if I'd go back, especially since they're a little pricey. Service was ok though.	2 star
	Chopsticks down the best sushi in the burgh.  Consistently good.	4 star
	Love their sushi here. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There is on street parking, and also a parking garage across the street.	4 star
	Coming from the west coast, this is probably the worst sushi I have had in a very long time. There are no descriptions for any of the rolls. They do not offer low sodium soy sauce. The wait for 3 rolls and 4 pieces of sashimi took over 25 minutes. Now for the food, the scallop roll is mushy ( if they were scallops I wouldn't know). Actually, everything I ate was mushy. The service was inattentive. I waited 10 minutes for a refill for my iced tea, after the owner and another server looked straight at my empty glass.	0 star
	Food was good, very average and just a bunch of rolls - nigiri and sashimi are kinda an afterthought. I wish the menu identified the ingredients. Instead I had to ask the server (really nice lady, but definitely not quick and efficient - service was soooo slow) who kindly explained each one. I ended up choosing two and they were good, more like meh good. Since I'm from SoCal, I definitely wouldn't go here when I'm back in Pittsburgh again and would try to find another sushi joint.	1 star
	OK, update time.  Sushi we split was good.  Miso soup had an odd taste this visit.\nMy main course (Butaniku) was unforgettable, a real meh!  Not sure what happened this night.  \n\nOur waitress was MIA most of the night.  Could not even find her to try to get refills, desert or our check.  \n\nMust have been an off night for everyone.	1 star
	Best sushi ever, can't wait to try it once again. Deserves every penny, in the end you get what you pay for. If you're sushi fan, then you must try this place. By far the best ever sushi in Pittsburgh . The waitresses are so friendly . The environment so elegant, lavish, and classy . I highly recommend this restaurant .	4 star
	Best pizza in the 'Burg! They definitely don't skimp on the cheese and the sauce is awesome....it has a fresh tomato taste to it that goes well with the crisp, nutty crust.	4 star
	This pizza is a classic!  If you visit Pittsburgh, you have to try it.  The shop is not big on \"ambiance.\"  It is a casual little pizza shop with a few tables, very small, very VERY informal.  But, man is that pizza great.  I love the sauce!	4 star
	Stopped in for a couple quick slices of plain red sauce.  $1.60 each.  They were really great.  I loved the sauce, some of the best I have had.  I sprinkled some oregano over and it was great.  It was short of greatness, however, because of the amount of cheese.  Way too much and really hard to get down.  I would definitely go back and order a pie with 1/2 the amount of cheese and some toppings.  Some may love the cheese but I, like Darren, found it overwhelming.	3 star
	Been going to Mineo's for the longest time I can remember. Good pizza but certainly not the best one around town! Cash only though!	2 star
	Great pizza, our new go to pizza place. Always satisfies our craving.	4 star
	Horrible.  Tried it several times.  Taste like frozen Pizza.  Found a hair in it the first time so against my better judgement tried it again.  I swear it was worse than my first experience.  The locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds.	0 star
	Got an amazing facial here. I have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past. It's great.	4 star
	I have been going here for hair cuts and color for years! Wonderful stylists - very professional and well trained. They also have other services...full spa, nails, pedicure. Would HIGHLY recommend this salon!!!	4 star
	I think it's some sort of law that if you live in Lebo and have young kids, you must visit this place at least twice a month or the authorities will, like, confiscate your GymBucks. At lunchtime it's absolutely overrun w/ small kids. But the food is reliable, the bread is genuinely good, and-- pregnant women take note-- there's caffeine-free Diet Pepsi in the fountain. I appreciate the free wifi.	2 star
	Asian Sesame Chicken Salad is my favorite 'healthy' lunch.	3 star
	I had my first bridal gown experience at Anne Gregory. The entire staff there made me feel beautiful and comfortable throughout my entire appointment. They were able to pick dresses that matched my style and personality and every dress was stunning! I found my gown in a matter of 45 minutes and didn't want to take it off! It is a beautiful Monique Lhuillier! I highly recommend going to Anne Gregory for your bridal experience- it was a stress free and exciting day!	4 star
	Dreadful, rude service- borderline bullies, poor selection, and they severely mark up their prices!!! Both my friend and I found a dress that they have at other stores for a fraction of the cost. Unacceptable. What a joke, really. Not at all what you want to have to endure while planning the most important outfit you'll ever wear! So upsetting!	0 star
	This is a crappy, dark theater that leaks water when it rains. Do not go!	0 star
	Such a shame. Terrific location, supported by the community and just awful. Filthy, bad seats, more expensive than others. Choose to go elsewhere.	1 star
	Why does this place always smell bad? Seriously, the second you walk through the door it's vaguely sewer-ish. Their roof deck is okay, and I am honestly glad that not every establishment in Lebo is high-end, but overall I'm not a fan.	0 star
	Really good burgers!	4 star
	This place is just okay.  Food isn't that great.  It's kind of dark & dingy.  Lots of TV's though.  I prefer Cain's Saloon...just right down the road.	1 star
	This place is two separate businesses. One is a retail shop which is very nice and typical cigar store. Many varieties. The other part is a cigar bar which serves alcohol and snack food. Nice area but small. When its crowded, you feel it. Each has a separate entrance and a common door.	2 star
	At the pub/restaurant side I had a very bad experience, terrible food, even worse service.  A complete waste of money, avoid at all costs.	0 star
	Yes, their prices are a little high compared to competitors but there's something to be said for the local mom and pop hardware store.  You can actually get help here from people who know what they are doing....not the experience I had at the local Home Depot.  I'm grateful to have this place just around the corner and will NEVER go to the HD again.  Besides they carry some really great things you can't get at those big box stores.	3 star
	If you're looking for a place to grab some good beer, but don't want the hectic atmosphere of Cain's then the Korner Pub has that.  It is dark, quiet, and offers a really good beer selection.  Nothing much to review here, no food, just a place to sit down and have a couple of beers.  At times, depending on who it is, the employees tend to be a bit immature, but for the most part okay.	2 star
	Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores	0 star
	I haven't been to this mall in forever; in fact, I think the last time was before I was even in high school.  Now that I am older I really can see and appreciate the beauty that lies in this place.  I think I will be coming back to spend the day with my mother in the near future.	3 star
	Yay review #300!\n\nAnd I'm giving Galleria mall a 3 to celebrate! J/k.\n\nIt's like South Hlls Village but smaller and more expensive. That is all. I'm not sure I'd come back to shop. Maybe to eat, though. lol	2 star
	I don't frequent the Galleria very much but go to their movie theater every once in a while.  The theater is outdated and old - you would think for their target clientele they would give the movie theater an upgrade.  The stores that I enjoy here include, Anthropologie, Williams-Sonoma and Charming Charlie.  \n\nThey also have some decent chain restaurants like Mitchells, Houlihans, Bravo and Panera if you are hungry after watching a flick.	1 star
	Racist mall management team same team that ran century 3 mall in to the ground stay away nothing good comes out this place	0 star
	Pittsburgh Restoration Hardware has the worst customer service ..stay away.	0 star
	Been there twice so far and have to say Maggie is so sweet and very knowledgeable. She listens to your concerns and gives you advice outside of acupuncture to help with your problem. The office is very clean and easily accessible to anyone who lives in the south hills.	4 star
	Not the best haircut, nor the worst, I might go back, I might not...I keep waiting to find a reason to stay.  The price was good enough that I'll give it one more try and update you then!	2 star
	I started going to this salon when I moved to Mt Lebanon. It's very classy and chic. My stylist is Aaron, a junior stylist, such a nice guy. He has great style and great and cutting my hair to fit my face. The only thing that I don't like is that they didn't offer to give me, a newer customer, a tour or rundown of their products and services, which I would've liked. They are a little unfriendly.	3 star
	This place SUCKS.  The pharmacist and his assistants are EXTREMELY condescending and prejudiced about older people.  My sister's friend was treated extremely horribly by these people and they never apologized, they just said \"we get a lot of elderly people in here so we often lose our patience.\"  They still have not apologized when they lost her insurance card.  If you want to be treated with respect and have competent, respectful service, DO NOT get your prescriptions here.	0 star
	Great quality furniture and shower curtains but way to overpriced for example a shower curtain is $90 there and some of the employees including the manager gather in a group and just talk. I went there tonight and all I had to do was return a towel and buy a couple new ones and it took me 40 minutes to do that	2 star
	I don't think the drinks are as good as Aldo down the street, but Uptown has a much more laid-back and relaxed vibe than the Aldo circus.  Maybe it was the time of day, but it seemed like the staff were a little less than thrilled to help us.  When we asked for details on a drink, I had the feeling we were taking away from their valuable time for them to answer a question.  They have much more food options than Aldo if you'd like a treat with your drink - lots of cookies, biscotti, brownies, etc.	2 star
	I would be horrified if someone tallied up the hours I spent here hanging out after school, drinking espresso drinks I had no right to be drinking at age 17. But they served us, and for that I am eternally grateful/annoyed, as they probably played a significant role in my mid-quarter-life caffeine addiction.\n\nSo, Uptown Coffee. Thanks?	2 star
	Mediocre sandwiches and milk shakes. Also, the woman behind the counter was very rude and had a terrible attitude.	1 star
	This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood. Prices are reasonable. The selection is great, but they were out of my size in several shoes that I wanted to try. Service was average.	3 star
	I was a fan for years of the Coffee Tree in spite of the lack of seating due to endless working students with laptops. I changed my mind when twice in  a row when I asked for a spare paper cup to split my coffee with my wife I was told -- we dont do that. Starbucks does and is a lot friendlier. I hate to down local companies but Coffee Roasters is acting like a franchise not a local coffee shop.	0 star
	Coffee Tree offers a number of different places to sit - the open coffee shop with the huge garage doors or back by the fire on the couches.  The coffee is okay, nothing special.\n\nBut if you want to sit outside without being outside this is the place.  The internet is now \"free\" for an hour so long as you buy something and the staff will readily give you a code whenever you buy something.\n\nAs some of the other reviewers have pointed out, you may find it difficult to get a seat.	1 star
	Great coffee house in a great neighborhood.  I really like the 'quiet room' in the back, the fireplace, and the numerous electrical outlets.  Great clientele, and while yes, I've had a couple of odd moments with the baristas, I've also met some really cool ones.  And what do you think this is?  Starbucks?  Of course they give you a little attitude.  No \"flair\"	3 star
	The vanilla lattes are a little sweet, but delicious. This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door. It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut.	4 star
	+ Latte was excellent, however could have been a bit hotter.\n+ Brick wall interior and garage door front facade. Seems like a great place to frequent in the summer.\n\n- All the foodstuffs is pre-wrapped in saran wrap. My scone was decent, but I was surprised by the price considering how small it was.	3 star
	Flavorful not bitter I have only had a double espresso iced & a regular I enjoyed it	3 star
	Great interactions, very friendly workers and customers (most of the time). Don't waste your time on the wifi though, it's horrible!	2 star
	Not a huge fan of Coffee Tree Roaster coffee.  It's really sour for my taste, but I will come to this location, simply because it's convenient for doing work.  They have the large windows at the front and plenty of outlets along the wall.  They also have plenty of seating as you head further into the coffee shop.\n\nAlso, the wifi never seems to work for me.  Maybe you have to go further into the coffee shop, but I prefer to sit near the front.	2 star
	The coffee is on par with the other chains in Pittsburgh. I liked the open storefront and the quiet study room in the back. Also, the barista was very friendly! \n\nI was displeased with the small tables, uncomfortable seating, and the dim lighting. The wifi has a 2 hour limit and disconnected from my device after very short idle periods.	2 star
	Great place to read or just have a break from the day. Large bay doors are great for letting in sun and fresh air. Typical price range of Starbucks or Caribou with a similar layout as well.	3 star
	Drinks: 3\nDecor: 4.5\nAmbiance: 5\nService: 3.5\nValue: 4	3 star
	It's very inconsistent here in terms of barista skills, unfortunately. Sometimes I get a great latte, sometimes a shitty, overly foamy latte (like today). It's also has a very corporate feel -- products, products everywhere. It could be so much better, and I really wish it was, since it's so close to home.	2 star
	OMG. Mr. Barista. Your not in Seattle. I Live Pacific Northwest.  I'm not a coffee snob I can do with it or without it. But it seemed like I was absolutely bothering the staff this morning. Check the date.  Ordered mocha and a scone.  And got a look.  I'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear. Felt like I was in someone else's hood.  Get over yourselves people.  Your in Pittsburgh.	1 star
	Good coffee and tea, as well as gluten free cookies. Great place to grab a quick coffee but very hard to find a place to sit! Don't even bother going there to read or write on a rainy Sunday morning..	2 star
