	Great for using with your home stereo.	positive
	I would not recommend this item to anyone.	negative
	MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	positive
	Over rated.	negative
	I'd love to go back.	positive
	Couldn't figure it out	negative
	I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	positive
	Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	negative
	The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	positive
	The replacement died in a few weeks.	negative
	A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	positive
	For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	negative
	The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	positive
	I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	negative
	Its the best headset I have used.	positive
	Terrible phone holder.	negative
	His performance is simply genius.  	positive
	first time there and might just be the last.	negative
	Service is quick and friendly.	positive
	The Burrittos Blah!	negative
	This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	positive
	When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	negative
	I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	positive
	It doesn't make you look cool.	negative
	Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	positive
	The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	negative
	This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	positive
	To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	negative
	We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	positive
	Does not fit.	negative
	Great phone!.	positive
	I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	negative
	Seriously killer hot chai latte.	positive
	I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	negative
	Good , works fine.	positive
	Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	negative
	But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	positive
	My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	negative
	The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	positive
	I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	negative
	It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	positive
	The character developments also lacked in depth.  	negative
	The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	positive
	To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	negative
	Pretty good beer selection too.	positive
	A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	negative
	In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	positive
	& That movie was bad.  	negative
	Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	positive
	Spend your money and time some place else.	negative
	I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	positive
	The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	negative
	I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	positive
	The fried rice was dry as well.	negative
	I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	positive
	It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	negative
	Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	positive
	Absolutel junk.	negative
	I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	positive
	We won't be going back anytime soon!	negative
	This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	positive
	How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	negative
	Service was very prompt.	positive
	The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	negative
	Gets the job done.	positive
	doesn't last long.	negative
	It's worth driving up from Tucson!	positive
	Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	negative
	The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	positive
	I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	negative
	Good value, great food, great service.	positive
	Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	negative
	Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	positive
	The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	negative
	im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	positive
	I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	negative
	We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	positive
	The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	negative
	Protects the phone on all sides.	positive
	I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	negative
	Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	positive
	Service stinks here!	negative
	The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	positive
	Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	negative
	The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	positive
	Wow, what a bad film.  	negative
	A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	positive
	I'm very disappointed with my decision.	negative
	Happy so far!.	positive
	It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	negative
	It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	positive
	All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	negative
	Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	positive
	No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	negative
	) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	positive
	i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	negative
	A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	positive
	How stupid is that?	negative
	Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	positive
	The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	negative
	Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	positive
	If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	negative
	The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	positive
	The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	negative
	People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	positive
	1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	negative
	Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	positive
	I'm returning them.	negative
	Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	positive
	$50 Down the drain.	negative
	Awsome Device Works Great!!.	positive
	Exceptionally bad!  	negative
	Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	positive
	I'm a bit disappointed.	negative
	I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	positive
	The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	negative
	The waitress and manager are so friendly.	positive
	There was hardly any meat.	negative
	The transfers are very good.  	positive
	Weird vibe from owners.	negative
	Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	positive
	I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	negative
	Looks great and is strong."	positive
	This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	negative
	the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	positive
	AN HOUR... seriously?	negative
	I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	positive
	This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	negative
	The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	positive
	With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	negative
	Those burgers were amazing.	positive
	A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	negative
	* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	positive
	Not good enough for the price.	negative
	They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	positive
	Awkward to use and unreliable.	negative
	For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	positive
	Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	negative
	I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	positive
	No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	negative
	The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	positive
	If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	negative
	Nice ambiance.	positive
	Waiter was a jerk.	negative
	I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	positive
	My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	negative
	Think of the film being like a dream.  	positive
	First of all, it doesn't wear well.	negative
	On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	positive
	Once your food arrives it's meh.	negative
	If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	positive
	Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	negative
	his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	positive
	Do not waste your time.  	negative
	Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	positive
	We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	negative
	I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	positive
	This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	negative
	This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	positive
	My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	negative
	It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	positive
	Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	negative
	Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	positive
	Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	negative
	My friend loved the salmon tartar.	positive
	AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	negative
	I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	positive
	However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	negative
	Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	positive
	Don't buy this product - It fails!.	negative
	They were excellent.	positive
	1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	negative
	This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	positive
	This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	negative
	The battery works great!	positive
	Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	negative
	Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	positive
	The real disappointment was our waiter.	negative
	Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	positive
	In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	negative
	I would recommend this.	positive
	But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	negative
	I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	positive
	Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	negative
	I love their fries and their beans.	positive
	I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	negative
	Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	positive
	None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	negative
	The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	positive
	Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	negative
	The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	positive
	You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	negative
	This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	positive
	20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	negative
	Great movie!  	positive
	Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	negative
	Very happy with this product.	positive
	The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	negative
	Great product, fast shipping!.	positive
	What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	negative
	Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	positive
	The kids are annoying.  	negative
	The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	positive
	Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	negative
	The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	positive
	Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	negative
	I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	positive
	It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	negative
	Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	positive
	Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	negative
	Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	positive
	Sprint charges for this service.	negative
	I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	positive
	Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	negative
	I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	positive
	Were JERKS on the phone.	negative
	I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	positive
	I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	negative
	This phone works great.	positive
	I couldn't take them seriously.  	negative
	I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	positive
	Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	negative
	If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	positive
	If you are reading this please don't go there.	negative
	the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	positive
	She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	negative
	) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	positive
	AMAZON SUCKS.	negative
	Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	positive
	Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	negative
	It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	positive
	Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	negative
	It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	positive
	One of the worst shows of all time.  	negative
	Great place fo take out or eat in.	positive
	Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	negative
	Good price.	positive
	Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	negative
	Will be back again!	positive
	Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	negative
	The rest of the cast also play well.  	positive
	He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	negative
	One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	positive
	Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	negative
	It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	positive
	but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	negative
	I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	positive
	It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	negative
	The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	positive
	Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	negative
	Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	positive
	bad fit, way too big.	negative
	In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	positive
	It is zillion times away from reality.  	negative
	I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	positive
	Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	negative
	This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	positive
	I found this product to be waaay too big.	negative
	I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	positive
	It's very slow.  	negative
	Awesome selection of beer.	positive
	what a disappointment	negative
	I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	positive
	One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	negative
	Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	positive
	Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	negative
	As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	positive
	The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	negative
	Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	positive
	you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	negative
	There is a brilliant twist ending.  	positive
	The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	negative
	Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	positive
	The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	negative
	good item, low price.	positive
	There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	negative
	Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	positive
	It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	negative
	It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	positive
	Avoid this film at all costs.  	negative
	Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	positive
	Unfortunately it did not work.	negative
	This movie is also revealing.  	positive
	don't waste your money and time.	negative
	Works for me.	positive
	I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	negative
	Lange had become a great actress.  	positive
	It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	negative
	This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	positive
	Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	negative
	***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	positive
	there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	negative
	This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	positive
	I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	negative
	Babie Bop is very cute.  	positive
	TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	negative
	It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	positive
	This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	negative
	I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	positive
	All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	negative
	The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	positive
	The only downside is the service.	negative
	The music in the film is really nice too.  	positive
	My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	negative
	Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	positive
	Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	negative
	Reasonably priced also!	positive
	An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	negative
	Awesome service and food.	positive
	This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	negative
	Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	positive
	Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	negative
	this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	positive
	Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	negative
	Service is friendly and inviting.	positive
	I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	negative
	And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	positive
	I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	negative
	Great food.	positive
	Very Dissapointing Performance.	negative
	I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	positive
	Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	negative
	This is a great deal.	positive
	The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	negative
	I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	positive
	And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	negative
	They have a really nice atmosphere.	positive
	the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	negative
	The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	positive
	Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	negative
	I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	positive
	NOT WHAT I WANTED.	negative
	Great brunch spot.	positive
	The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	negative
	I loved it, it was really scary.  	positive
	The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	negative
	Very good lunch spot.	positive
	Left very frustrated.	negative
	This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	positive
	Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	negative
	It was quite comfortable in the ear.	positive
	disappointing.	negative
	clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	positive
	In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	negative
	Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	positive
	I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	negative
	I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	positive
	Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	negative
	The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	positive
	This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	negative
	I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	positive
	My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	negative
	its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	positive
	The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	negative
	They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	positive
	The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	negative
	Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	positive
	I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	negative
	Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	positive
	Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	negative
	I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	positive
	At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	negative
	Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	positive
	Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	negative
	I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	positive
	I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	negative
	Has been working great.	positive
	Rating: 1 out of 10.  	negative
	Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	positive
	Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	negative
	Great Pizza and Salads!	positive
	And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	negative
	It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	positive
	And none of the tones is acceptable.	negative
	This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	positive
	However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	negative
	This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	positive
	The service was poor and thats being nice.	negative
	Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	positive
	This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	negative
	Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	positive
	I would not recommend this place.	negative
	I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	positive
	First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	negative
	It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	positive
	I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	negative
	Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	positive
	Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	negative
	I was seated immediately.	positive
	Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	negative
	I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	positive
	Not recommended.  	negative
	I'm still infatuated with this phone.	positive
	After two I felt disgusting.	negative
	I love this bluetooth!	positive
	The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	negative
	Portable and it works.	positive
	Painful on the ear.	negative
	They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	positive
	The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	negative
	This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	positive
	My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	negative
	I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	positive
	It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	negative
	Meredith M was better than all right.  	positive
	Very disappointing!!!	negative
	nice leather.	positive
	Phone falls out easily.	negative
	DELICIOUS!!	positive
	I mean this in a terrible way.  	negative
	This is a stunning movie.  	positive
	However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	negative
	Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	positive
	I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	negative
	The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	positive
	Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	negative
	It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	positive
	My gyro was basically lettuce only.	negative
	Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	positive
	Poor Talk Time Performance.	negative
	BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	positive
	What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	negative
	Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	positive
	The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	negative
	And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	positive
	The lighting is awful.  	negative
	The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	positive
	We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	negative
	I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	positive
	Filmiing was less expansive.  	negative
	It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	positive
	Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	negative
	However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	positive
	I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	negative
	The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	positive
	My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	negative
	So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	positive
	I'm trying to return it for a refund.	negative
	Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	positive
	Not recommended.  	negative
	Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	positive
	It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	negative
	Keep up the good work Amazon!!	positive
	Of course, the acting is blah.  	negative
	A great film by a great director.  	positive
	All in all, a great disappointment.  	negative
	It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	positive
	THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	negative
	The food was excellent and service was very good.	positive
	Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	negative
	This is just a great movie.  	positive
	We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	negative
	Great service and food.	positive
	sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	negative
	PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	positive
	And it was boring.  	negative
	This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	positive
	Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	negative
	Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	positive
	I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	negative
	Nice case, feels good in your hands.	positive
	I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	negative
	Better than expected.	positive
	Last time buying from you.	negative
	It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	positive
	For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	negative
	It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	positive
	NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	negative
	As for the service, I thought it was good.	positive
	I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	negative
	So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	positive
	So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	negative
	This is a beautiful phone.	positive
	Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	negative
	Better than you'd expect.	positive
	Either way, it sucks.  	negative
	If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	positive
	So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	negative
	This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	positive
	I want my money back.	negative
	Great price, too!	positive
	I took back my money and got outta there.	negative
	I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	positive
	Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	negative
	This is a great phone!.	positive
	Awful.  	negative
	Plan on ordering from them again and again.	positive
	This one is simply a disappointment.	negative
	I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	positive
	Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	negative
	I advise you to look out for it.  	positive
	This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	negative
	It definitely was not as good as my S11.	positive
	Waste of money.	negative
	Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	positive
	What a big waste of time.	negative
	I *heart* this place.	positive
	Sauce was tasteless.	negative
	Overall, I like there food and the service.	positive
	I don't like this Nokia either.	negative
	The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	positive
	Earbud piece breaks easily.	negative
	One of my favorite purchases ever.	positive
	There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	negative
	I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	positive
	Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	negative
	2 Thumbs Up!!	positive
	It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	negative
	I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	positive
	Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	negative
	Up there with the best of Melville.  	positive
	It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	negative
	IT'S REALLY EASY.	positive
	The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	negative
	The bartender was also nice.	positive
	I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	negative
	Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	positive
	I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	negative
	The portion was huge!	positive
	Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	negative
	Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	positive
	I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	negative
	" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	positive
	Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	negative
	I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	positive
	This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	negative
	I liked this movie way too much.  	positive
	Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	negative
	Nice Sound.	positive
	I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	negative
	Go watch it!  	positive
	In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	negative
	The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	positive
	They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	negative
	This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	positive
	Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	negative
	Excellent dual-purpose headset.	positive
	Food quality has been horrible.	negative
	Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	positive
	This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	negative
	I love this place.	positive
	It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	negative
	It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	positive
	I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	negative
	Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	positive
	very tough and very short on flavor!	negative
	The ambiance was incredible.	positive
	Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	negative
	Waitress was sweet and funny.	positive
	Not a good bargain.	negative
	Perfect for the PS3.	positive
	So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	negative
	Very very fun chef.	positive
	The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	negative
	It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	positive
	I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	negative
	This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	positive
	Food was really boring.	negative
	great headset, very impressed - H500.	positive
	You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	negative
	I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	positive
	However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	negative
	great...no problems at all!.	positive
	Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	negative
	10/10  	positive
	Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	negative
	Love this product.	positive
	Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	negative
	It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	positive
	Not even good for camp value!  	negative
	The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	positive
	This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	negative
	Really pleased with this product so far.	positive
	When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	negative
	The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	positive
	But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	negative
	I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	positive
	Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	negative
	But this movie really got to me.  	positive
	The food was terrible.	negative
	Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	positive
	I've had better atmosphere.	negative
	There is a lot of beautiful places.  	positive
	It didn't charge for me.	negative
	Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	positive
	The kids play area is NASTY!	negative
	I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	positive
	I will not be eating there again.	negative
	My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	positive
	But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	negative
	I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	positive
	The dialogue sucked.  	negative
	I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	positive
	Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	negative
	Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	positive
	Battery has no life.	negative
	Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	positive
	This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	negative
	I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	positive
	Nothing at all to recommend.  	negative
	Linked to my phone without effort.	positive
	We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	negative
	definitely will come back here again.	positive
	I was not happy with this item.	negative
	For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	positive
	Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	negative
	An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	positive
	The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	negative
	I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	positive
	Con: spotty service.	negative
	I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	positive
	If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	negative
	The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	positive
	I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	negative
	An excellent performance from Ms.  	positive
	I had to purchase a different case.	negative
	) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	positive
	Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	negative
	This is actually a very smart movie.  	positive
	I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	negative
	The food is good.	positive
	Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	negative
	Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	positive
	What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	negative
	I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	positive
	I'd like to return it.	negative
	This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	positive
	My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	negative
	Cant say enough good things about this place.	positive
	Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	negative
	She carries the movie well.  	positive
	Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	negative
	Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	positive
	I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	negative
	the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	positive
	" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	negative
	He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	positive
	To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	negative
	10/10  	positive
	Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	negative
	I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	positive
	The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	negative
	Good show, Samsung.	positive
	The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	negative
	The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	positive
	) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	negative
	The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	positive
	Would not recommend to others.	negative
	I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	positive
	Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	negative
	I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	positive
	There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	negative
	The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	positive
	You can find better movies at youtube.  	negative
	Very good phone.	positive
	It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	negative
	Jawbone Era is awesome too!	positive
	VERY DISAPPOINTED.	negative
	I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	positive
	Disappointing experience.	negative
	#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	positive
	We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	negative
	We are so glad we found this place.	positive
	I'm super pissd.	negative
	I got it because it was so small and adorable.	positive
	This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	negative
	this place is good.	positive
	I never walked out of a movie faster.  	negative
	This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	positive
	Lousy product.	negative
	Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	positive
	Never going back.	negative
	Overall, I like this place a lot.	positive
	The battery life is highly unacceptable.	negative
	Excellent product for the price.	positive
	I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	negative
	Excellent sound quality.	positive
	I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	negative
	My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	positive
	You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	negative
	The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	positive
	My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	negative
	When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	positive
	Does not fit.	negative
	An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	positive
	Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	negative
	If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	positive
	I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	negative
	Highly recommended A+  	positive
	This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	negative
	.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	positive
	I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	negative
	The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	positive
	I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	negative
	I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	positive
	Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	negative
	Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	positive
	The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	negative
	Love This Phone.	positive
	dont go here.	negative
	The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	positive
	I hate movies like that.  	negative
	A good time!	positive
	The food wasn't good.	negative
	My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	positive
	The acting sucked.  	negative
	So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	positive
	We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	negative
	A standout scene.  	positive
	My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	negative
	All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	positive
	Returned 8 hours later.	negative
	This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	positive
	We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	negative
	Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	positive
	As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	negative
	This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	positive
	Soyo technology sucks.	negative
	I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	positive
	Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	negative
	Always a pleasure dealing with him.	positive
	After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	negative
	I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	positive
	The item received was Counterfeit.	negative
	I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	positive
	Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	negative
	From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	positive
	There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	negative
	They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	positive
	For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	negative
	Excellent product for the price.	positive
	This place deserves no stars.	negative
	This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	positive
	However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	negative
	It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	positive
	So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	negative
	Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	positive
	There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	negative
	It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	positive
	There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	negative
	The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	positive
	The story line is totally predictable.  	negative
	I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	positive
	The selection of food was not the best.	negative
	Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	positive
	This place should honestly be blown up.	negative
	I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	positive
	first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	negative
	I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	positive
	The live music on Fridays totally blows.	negative
	I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	positive
	The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	negative
	If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	positive
	But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	negative
	The waitresses are very friendly.	positive
	I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	negative
	The delivery was on time.	positive
	Camerawork - again, bad.  	negative
	Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	positive
	I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	negative
	The food is very good for your typical bar food.	positive
	This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	negative
	Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	positive
	THAT one didn't work either.	negative
	The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	positive
	They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	negative
	Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	positive
	The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	negative
	An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	positive
	There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	negative
	The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	positive
	Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	negative
	Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	positive
	stay away from this store, be careful.	negative
	Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	positive
	I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	negative
	Voice recognition is tremendous!	positive
	The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	negative
	You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	positive
	The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	negative
	It is worth the drive.	positive
	If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	negative
	I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	positive
	They do not care about the consumer one bit.	negative
	Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	positive
	This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	negative
	* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	positive
	So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	negative
	A pretty good product.	positive
	Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	negative
	Raw and sublimely moving.  	positive
	The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	negative
	The food, amazing.	positive
	Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	negative
	Great for the jawbone.	positive
	Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	negative
	Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	positive
	I would not recommend this place.	negative
	Crisp and Clear.	positive
	All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	negative
	This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	positive
	Long, whiny and pointless.  	negative
	It does everything the description said it would.	positive
	Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	negative
	It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	positive
	Too politically correct.  	negative
	I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	positive
	As for the "mains," also uninspired.	negative
	Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	positive
	But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	negative
	But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	positive
	too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	negative
	Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	positive
	I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	negative
	Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	positive
	I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	negative
	Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	positive
	I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	negative
	This one works and was priced right.	positive
	The service was a bit lacking.	negative
	I had a pretty satifying experience.	positive
	The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	negative
	But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	positive
	I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	negative
	Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	positive
	The service was terrible though.	negative
	We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	positive
	Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	negative
	I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	positive
	If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	negative
	Works fine.	positive
	Poor Reliability.	negative
	They know how to make them here.	positive
	Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	negative
	The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	positive
	I never come again.	negative
	I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	positive
	Really bad.  	negative
	Battery life is real good.	positive
	I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	negative
	Eclectic selection.	positive
	It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	negative
	Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	positive
	This is infuriating.	negative
	All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	positive
	The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	negative
	Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	positive
	None of it works, just don't buy it.	negative
	I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	positive
	Bad Reception.	negative
	Works great!.	positive
	Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	negative
	This is a great little item.	positive
	But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	negative
	Great sound and service.	positive
	This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	negative
	My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	positive
	The story line is just awful!  	negative
	Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	positive
	I wasn't the least bit interested.  	negative
	!I definitly recommend!!	positive
	Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	negative
	It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	positive
	the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	negative
	I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	positive
	Probably not in a hurry to go back.	negative
	Magical Help.	positive
	the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	negative
	For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	positive
	It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	negative
	I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	positive
	Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	negative
	This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	positive
	This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	negative
	One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	positive
	The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	negative
	This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	positive
	The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	negative
	Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	positive
	I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	negative
	The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	positive
	Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	negative
	Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	positive
	There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	negative
	The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	positive
	She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	negative
	I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	positive
	There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	negative
	The staff was very attentive.	positive
	Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	negative
	This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	positive
	All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	negative
	I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	positive
	The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	negative
	After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	positive
	The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	negative
	I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	positive
	This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	negative
	cool phone.	positive
	And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	negative
	The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	positive
	This was like the final blow!	negative
	We loved the biscuits!!!	positive
	I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	negative
	As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	positive
	On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	negative
	The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	positive
	We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	negative
	All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	positive
	The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	negative
	This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	positive
	A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	negative
	Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	positive
	This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	negative
	I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	positive
	For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	negative
	You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	positive
	The worst one of the series.  	negative
	A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	positive
	The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	negative
	Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	positive
	I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	negative
	Food arrived quickly!	positive
	Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	negative
	This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	positive
	I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	negative
	Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	positive
	Doesn't Work.	negative
	That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	positive
	The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	negative
	My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	positive
	I was VERY disappointed!!	negative
	They were golden-crispy and delicious.	positive
	The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	negative
	It is very comfortable on the ear.	positive
	Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	negative
	The Macarons here are insanely good.	positive
	The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	negative
	Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	positive
	if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	negative
	Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	positive
	Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	negative
	The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	positive
	Never again will I be dining at this place!	negative
	The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	positive
	Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	negative
	Exactly what I wanted.	positive
	The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	negative
	I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	positive
	Item Does Not Match Picture.	negative
	EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	positive
	I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	negative
	However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	positive
	Highly unrecommended.  	negative
	Great for iPODs too.	positive
	Very poor service.	negative
	The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	positive
	It is shameful.  	negative
	It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	positive
	Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	negative
	I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	positive
	I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	negative
	When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	positive
	The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	negative
	It really created a unique feeling though.  	positive
	This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	negative
	The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	positive
	And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	negative
	Works well.	positive
	As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	negative
	We loved the place.	positive
	The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	negative
	These are fabulous!	positive
	Doesn't hold charge.	negative
	- the food is rich so order accordingly.	positive
	Everything about it is just bad.  	negative
	We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	positive
	But I don't like it.	negative
	Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	positive
	It was horrible!.	negative
	New Battery works great in phone.	positive
	There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	negative
	We definately enjoyed ourselves.	positive
	Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	negative
	It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	positive
	What a mistake.	negative
	This is a GREAT place to eat!	positive
	There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	negative
	It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	positive
	It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	negative
	I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	positive
	) Don't waste your time.  	negative
	Best tacos in town by far!!	positive
	If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	negative
	Everything was fresh and delicious!	positive
	The script is horrendously stupid.  	negative
	All the bread is made in-house!	positive
	Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	negative
	I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	positive
	The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	negative
	If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	positive
	When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	negative
	There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	positive
	-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	negative
	Very good, though!	positive
	The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	negative
	is pretty funny.  	positive
	The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	negative
	It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	positive
	I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	negative
	We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	positive
	I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	negative
	My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	positive
	Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	negative
	An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	positive
	I was so insulted.	negative
	The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	positive
	Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	negative
	)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	positive
	It was not good.	negative
	When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	positive
	Terrible service!	negative
	The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	positive
	Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	negative
	It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	positive
	The battery is completely useless to me.	negative
	The food was very good.	positive
	poor voice clarity.	negative
	Overall, a great experience.	positive
	Soggy and not good.	negative
	It was delicious!!!	positive
	I'm not eating here!	negative
	Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	positive
	The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	negative
	Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	positive
	Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	negative
	:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	positive
	Very disappointing.	negative
	The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	positive
	The battery runs down quickly.	negative
	Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	positive
	I was not impressed by this product.	negative
	Food was delicious!	positive
	i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	negative
	Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	positive
	It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	negative
	I gave it a 10  	positive
	The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	negative
	The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	positive
	In short, don't bother with this movie.  	negative
	The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	positive
	How awful she is!  	negative
	Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	positive
	It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	negative
	Better Than New.	positive
	The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	negative
	See it.  	positive
	The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	negative
	I am glad I purchased it.	positive
	The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	negative
	All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	positive
	We'll never go again.	negative
	I would recommend saving room for this!	positive
	Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	negative
	Price is good too.	positive
	Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	negative
	In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	positive
	The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	negative
	An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	positive
	Piece of Junk.	negative
	All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	positive
	After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	negative
	Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	positive
	How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	negative
	If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	positive
	The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	negative
	The camera really likes her in this movie.  	positive
	I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	negative
	Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	positive
	We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	negative
	The design is very good.4.	positive
	I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	negative
	It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	positive
	Tasted like dirt.	negative
	This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	positive
	A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	negative
	Bacon is hella salty.	positive
	The result is a film that just don't look right.  	negative
	I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	positive
	I'll even say it again  this is torture.  	negative
	The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	positive
	I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	negative
	Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	positive
	The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	negative
	Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	positive
	It's just painful!  	negative
	After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	positive
	The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	negative
	All things considered, a job very well done.  	positive
	The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	negative
	They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	positive
	Lasted one day and then blew up.	negative
	The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	positive
	Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	negative
	The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	positive
	But now I was completely grossed out.	negative
	But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	positive
	The manager was the worst.	negative
	This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	positive
	Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	negative
	- Really, really good rice, all the time.	positive
	This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	negative
	I would highly recommend this product.	positive
	The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	negative
	The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	positive
	It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	negative
	If you want a real scare rent this one!  	positive
	The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	negative
	It Was So Cool.  	positive
	There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	negative
	This place has it!	positive
	If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	negative
	And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	positive
	The service here is fair at best.	negative
	The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	positive
	It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	negative
	Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	positive
	This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	negative
	The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	positive
	At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	negative
	A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	positive
	i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	negative
	Excellent bluetooth headset.	positive
	If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	negative
	This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	positive
	The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	negative
	The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	positive
	I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	negative
	The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	positive
	The worst was the salmon sashimi.	negative
	I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	positive
	The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	negative
	The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	positive
	No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	negative
	It has all the features I want	positive
	But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	negative
	Works great.	positive
	Everything is appalling.  	negative
	A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	positive
	it was a drive to get there.	negative
	Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	positive
	The plug did not work very well.	negative
	Its a total package.	positive
	This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	negative
	awesome device.	positive
	The acting was bad.  	negative
	Now I know that I made a wise decision.	positive
	However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	negative
	I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	positive
	Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	negative
	I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	positive
	Battery is terrible.	negative
	The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	positive
	So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	negative
	Nargile - I think you are great.	positive
	Not good for the money.	negative
	Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	positive
	Waited and waited and waited.	negative
	My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	positive
	Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	negative
	Fantastic service here.	positive
	Omit watching this.  	negative
	I am very happy	positive
	But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	negative
	The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	positive
	One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	negative
	I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	positive
	I literally vomited while watching this film.  	negative
	I hope this place sticks around.	positive
	Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	negative
	Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	positive
	However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	negative
	Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	positive
	Worst customer service.	negative
	I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	positive
	), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	negative
	It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	positive
	The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	negative
	The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	positive
	While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	negative
	Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	positive
	I won't be back.	negative
	Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	positive
	This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	negative
	Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	positive
	REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	negative
	Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	positive
	It's AGGRAVATING!	negative
	I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	positive
	Very disappointing.  	negative
	At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	positive
	But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	negative
	Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	positive
	This film has no redeeming features.  	negative
	Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	positive
	This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	negative
	WORTHWHILE.	positive
	Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	negative
	In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	positive
	Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	negative
	The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	positive
	It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	negative
	Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	positive
	I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	negative
	The cast is good.  	positive
	Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	negative
	Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	positive
	Truly awful.	negative
	I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	positive
	Don't buy it.	negative
	The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	positive
	He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	negative
	Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	positive
	The dialogue is atrocious.  	negative
	Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	positive
	This movie is BAD.  	negative
	;) Recommend with confidence!  	positive
	its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	negative
	I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	positive
	Low Quality.	negative
	No complaints!	positive
	Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	negative
	I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	positive
	If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	negative
	Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	positive
	The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	negative
	The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	positive
	Boy was that sucker dry!!.	negative
	I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	positive
	Won't ever go here again.	negative
	Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	positive
	Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	negative
	It was so funny.  	positive
	No plot whatsoever!  	negative
	I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	positive
	The directing seems too pretentious.  	negative
	They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	positive
	Could not get strong enough signal.	negative
	All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	positive
	the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	negative
	It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	positive
	The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	negative
	This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	positive
	We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	negative
	See both films if you can.  	positive
	Its not user friendly.	negative
	Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	positive
	The RI style calamari was a joke.	negative
	Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	positive
	I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	negative
	But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	positive
	The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	negative
	Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	positive
	We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	negative
	Service is also cute.	positive
	When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	negative
	The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	positive
	Sprint - terrible customer service.	negative
	This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	positive
	Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	negative
	You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	positive
	If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	negative
	For the price this was a great deal.	positive
	The visual effects were AWFUL.  	negative
	He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	positive
	Horrible!  	negative
	This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	positive
	I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	negative
	I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	positive
	It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	negative
	A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	positive
	It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	negative
	I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	positive
	It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	negative
	Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	positive
	Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	negative
	Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	positive
	Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	negative
	I highly recommend this case.	positive
	The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	negative
	Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	positive
	Buttons are too small.	negative
	While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	positive
	I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	negative
	5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	positive
	Used and dirty.	negative
	Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	positive
	He was terrible!	negative
	But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	positive
	Disappointed with battery.	negative
	This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	positive
	The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	negative
	I would highly recommend this.	positive
	It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	negative
	I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	positive
	Disappointed!.	negative
	It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	positive
	I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	negative
	Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	positive
	Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	negative
	I liked it.  	positive
	It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	negative
	Highly recommended.	positive
	At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	negative
	I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	positive
	Pretty piece of junk.	negative
	And the sound quality is great.	positive
	Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	negative
	I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	positive
	AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	negative
	The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	positive
	My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	negative
	Works good.	positive
	Don't waste your money!.	negative
	I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	positive
	So just beware.	negative
	Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	positive
	The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	negative
	I rate this movie 9/10.  	positive
	They dropped more than the ball.	negative
	He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	positive
	the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	negative
	I love this thing!	positive
	I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	negative
	Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	positive
	It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	negative
	It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	positive
	The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	negative
	This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	positive
	It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	negative
	The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	positive
	I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	negative
	I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	positive
	Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	negative
	It is a true classic.  	positive
	The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	negative
	My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	positive
	- They never brought a salad we asked for.	negative
	Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	positive
	I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	negative
	In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	positive
	But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	negative
	Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	positive
	The concert sequences just sucked.  	negative
	Does everything it should and more.	positive
	As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	negative
	I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	positive
	This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	negative
	(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	positive
	I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	negative
	Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	positive
	This place lacked style!!	negative
	They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	positive
	The directing is sloppy at best.  	negative
	I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	positive
	I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	negative
	Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	positive
	The least said about the acting the better.  	negative
	OMG, the food was delicioso!	positive
	At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	negative
	(It works!)	positive
	I will not return.	negative
	So Far So Good!.	positive
	Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	negative
	This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	positive
	the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	negative
	Great Phone.	positive
	wont work right or atleast for me.	negative
	Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	positive
	It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	negative
	Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	positive
	i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	negative
	I will never forget it now.  	positive
	The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	negative
	the cast was great.  	positive
	He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	negative
	Great food and awesome service!	positive
	I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	negative
	The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	positive
	Lots of holes in the script.  	negative
	The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	positive
	Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	negative
	The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	positive
	It's just lame.  	negative
	Overall, a delight!  	positive
	What happened next was pretty....off putting.	negative
	I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	positive
	Buy a different phone - but not this.	negative
	Her role was played well.  	positive
	A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	negative
	It even has its sweet moments.  	positive
	The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	negative
	Good product, good seller.	positive
	Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	negative
	Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	positive
	I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	negative
	Iam very pleased with my purchase.	positive
	I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	negative
	Ambience is perfect.	positive
	Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	negative
	Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	positive
	Everything about this product is wrong.First	negative
	Hitchcock is a great director.  	positive
	Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	negative
	I great reception all the time.	positive
	The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	negative
	The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	positive
	However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	negative
	Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	positive
	Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	negative
	What I really like there is the crepe station.	positive
	Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	negative
	It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	positive
	It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	negative
	Excellent product.	positive
	Dont waste your money...	negative
	I really enjoyed eating here.	positive
	First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	negative
	These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	positive
	Service sucks.	negative
	Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	positive
	Thank you for wasting my money.	negative
	This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	positive
	Very, very sad.	negative
	You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	positive
	Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	negative
	Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	positive
	Just does not work.	negative
	The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	positive
	Worst martini ever!	negative
	I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	positive
	I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	negative
	Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	positive
	Plug was the wrong size.	negative
	I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	positive
	Not impressed.	negative
	If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	positive
	The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	negative
	After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	positive
	As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	negative
	You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	positive
	Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	negative
	Wow... Loved this place.	positive
	It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	negative
	Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	positive
	You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	negative
	My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	positive
	If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	negative
	She's poised and amazing.  	positive
	When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	negative
	Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	positive
	Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	negative
	Great bluetooth!.	positive
	I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	negative
	This is high adventure at its best.  	positive
	If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	negative
	The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	positive
	The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	negative
	It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	positive
	The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	negative
	Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	positive
	I've never been treated so bad.	negative
	I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	positive
	God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	negative
	There still are good actors around!  	positive
	there is no real plot.  	negative
	I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	positive
	[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	negative
	Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	positive
	Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	negative
	The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	positive
	The desserts were a bit strange.	negative
	It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	positive
	This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	negative
	Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	positive
	A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	negative
	I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	positive
	For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	negative
	This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	positive
	I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	negative
	This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	positive
	The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	negative
	My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	positive
	It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	negative
	Very prompt service.	positive
	disappointed.	negative
	Love the margaritas, too!	positive
	Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	negative
	The reception is excellent!	positive
	If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	negative
	I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	positive
	The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	negative
	Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	positive
	RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	negative
	The phone loads super!	positive
	Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	negative
	What a great double cheeseburger!	positive
	All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	negative
	Best breakfast buffet!!!	positive
	Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	negative
	I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	positive
	Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	negative
	OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	positive
	I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	negative
	I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	positive
	But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	negative
	The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	positive
	Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	negative
	Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	positive
	The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	negative
	Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	positive
	it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	negative
	Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	positive
	I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	negative
	Very satisifed with that.	positive
	I bought two of them and neither will charge.	negative
	John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	positive
	2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	negative
	Totally believable.  	positive
	Everything about this movie is stupid.  	negative
	O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	positive
	The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	negative
	High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	positive
	The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	negative
	We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	positive
	I think not again	negative
	add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	positive
	Cumbersome design.	negative
	The aerial scenes were well-done.  	positive
	The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	negative
	The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	positive
	Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	negative
	This is a great deal.	positive
	Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	negative
	Beautiful styling though.	positive
	Worst ever.	negative
	It's pretty easy.	positive
	Would not reccommend.	negative
	The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	positive
	It was equally awful.	negative
	This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	positive
	He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	negative
	Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	positive
	Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	negative
	Nice solid keyboard.	positive
	I was mortified.	negative
	I rather enjoyed it.  	positive
	Poor quality.	negative
	This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	positive
	Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	negative
	The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	positive
	Reception is terrible and full of static.	negative
	The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	positive
	About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	negative
	I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	positive
	The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	negative
	Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	positive
	A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	negative
	Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	positive
	I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	negative
	You can't beat that.	positive
	It is not good.  	negative
	This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	positive
	We will not be coming back.	negative
	I keep watching it over and over.  	positive
	I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	negative
	I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	positive
	for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	negative
	I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	positive
	Design Flaw?.	negative
	It looked like a wonderful story.  	positive
	Needless to say, I wasted my money.	negative
	Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	positive
	Avoid at all cost!	negative
	Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	positive
	I came out of it feeling angry.  	negative
	I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	positive
	I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	negative
	I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	positive
	What a waste.	negative
	Sooooo good!!	positive
	The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	negative
	Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	positive
	The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	negative
	I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	positive
	The script is a big flawed mess.  	negative
	Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	positive
	So bad.  	negative
	If you're not familiar, check it out.	positive
	Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	negative
	Worked great!.	positive
	A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	negative
	Great charger.	positive
	This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	negative
	The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	positive
	Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	negative
	The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	positive
	At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	negative
	This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	positive
	The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	negative
	The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	positive
	I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	negative
	I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	positive
	All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	negative
	Easy to use.	positive
	Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	negative
	I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	positive
	Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	negative
	Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	positive
	It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	negative
	Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	positive
	The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	negative
	This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	positive
	I thought it was bad.  	negative
	It worked very well.	positive
	Service was slow and not attentive.	negative
	Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	positive
	Terrible management.	negative
	It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	positive
	Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	negative
	Check it out.	positive
	It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	negative
	All in all I think it was a good investment.	positive
	The commercials are the most misleading.	negative
	Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	positive
	The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	negative
	The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	positive
	The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	negative
	Best headset ever!!!.	positive
	Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	negative
	The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	positive
	Then the film just dropped the ball.  	negative
	How awesome is that.	positive
	That company is a joke.	negative
	This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	positive
	Again, no plot at all.  	negative
	I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	positive
	The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	negative
	When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	positive
	I give it 2 thumbs down	negative
	Blue Ant is easy to use.	positive
	I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	negative
	As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	positive
	Will never, ever go back.	negative
	Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	positive
	Sending it back.	negative
	The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	positive
	The pleather case doesn't fit.	negative
	It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	positive
	One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	negative
	Also makes it easier to hold on to.	positive
	Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	negative
	Great product and price.	positive
	I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	negative
	I'm so happy to be here!!!"	positive
	That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	negative
	Good Service-check!	positive
	Even worse than Ticker!  	negative
	John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	positive
	But the service was beyond bad.	negative
	He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	positive
	Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	negative
	This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	positive
	The management is rude.	negative
	They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	positive
	AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	negative
	Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	positive
	There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	negative
	However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	positive
	Very Displeased.	negative
	Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	positive
	Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	negative
	The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	positive
	Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	negative
	Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	positive
	Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	negative
	The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	positive
	Not easy to watch.  	negative
	The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	positive
	We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	negative
	The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	positive
	This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	negative
	It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	positive
	These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	negative
	Great Earpiece.	positive
	none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	negative
	It is an insane game.  	positive
	In a word, it is embarrassing.  	negative
	Food was so gooodd.	positive
	What a waste of money and time!.	negative
	It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	positive
	Terrible product, and waste of money!	negative
	He deserves 5 stars.	positive
	A truly, truly bad film.  	negative
	The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	positive
	The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	negative
	I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	positive
	Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	negative
	They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	positive
	To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	negative
	Great price also!	positive
	Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	negative
	This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	positive
	Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	negative
	Ample portions and good prices.	positive
	Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	negative
	Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	positive
	Very bad Experience!	negative
	We were promptly greeted and seated.	positive
	It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	negative
	But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman  and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	positive
	Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	negative
	Five star Plus, plus.	positive
	walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	negative
	W810i is just SUPERB.	positive
	The soundtrack sucked.  	negative
	Will order from them again!	positive
	His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	negative
	Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	positive
	Poor sound quality.	negative
	That was funny.  	positive
	I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	negative
	Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	positive
	About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	negative
	Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	positive
	The film looks cheap and bland.  	negative
	Superb Phone on a Great Network.	positive
	This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	negative
	Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	positive
	Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	negative
	His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	positive
	Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	negative
	We'd definitely go back here again.	positive
	I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	negative
	Comfortable in my hand.	positive
	Don't bother - go to the store.	negative
	Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	positive
	Does Not Work.	negative
	An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	positive
	We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	negative
	Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	positive
	poor quality and service.	negative
	I love this phone!.	positive
	You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	negative
	I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	positive
	This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	negative
	I love this device.	positive
	It was so BORING!  	negative
	His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	positive
	Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	negative
	Highly entertaining at all angles.  	positive
	I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	negative
	I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	positive
	We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	negative
	very good product, well made.	positive
	If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	negative
	The fries were great too.	positive
	So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	negative
	Great Hands Free Device.	positive
	In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	negative
	I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	positive
	By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	negative
	Made very sturdy.	positive
	Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	negative
	The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	positive
	All three broke within two months of use.	negative
	I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	positive
	A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	negative
	I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	positive
	The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	negative
	Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	positive
	This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	negative
	Also great directing and photography.  	positive
	Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	negative
	This place is two thumbs up....way up.	positive
	But I definitely would not eat here again.	negative
	The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	positive
	Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	negative
	These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	positive
	Don't do it!!!!	negative
	Damn good steak.	positive
	Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	negative
	My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	positive
	Don't make the same mistake I did.	negative
	Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	positive
	No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	negative
	That was nice.  	positive
	The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	negative
	The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	positive
	Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	negative
	Great pork sandwich.	positive
	I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	negative
	Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	positive
	The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	negative
	Battery is holding up well.	positive
	Avoid this one if you can.	negative
	Good Quality.	positive
	The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	negative
	Great phone.	positive
	Wasted two hours.  	negative
	" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	positive
	The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	negative
	Great product.	positive
	I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	negative
	For that, it's worth checking out.  	positive
	Never got it!!!!!	negative
	After one bite, I was hooked.	positive
	I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	negative
	One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	positive
	I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	negative
	I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	positive
	The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	negative
	We would recommend these to others.	positive
	Won't go back.	negative
	It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	positive
	Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	negative
	The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	positive
	The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	negative
	Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	positive
	The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	negative
	Service was fantastic.	positive
	Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	negative
	Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	positive
	Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	negative
	This is a good joint.	positive
	This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	negative
	lightweight and works well.	positive
	Freezes frequently4.	negative
	It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	positive
	Do not waste your money here!	negative
	VERY comfortable.	positive
	a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	negative
	you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	positive
	Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	negative
	My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	positive
	I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	negative
	Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	positive
	putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	negative
	Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	positive
	I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	negative
	Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	positive
	The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	negative
	The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	positive
	There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	negative
	It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	positive
	Unreliable - I'm giving up.	negative
	Good case, Excellent value.	positive
	Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	negative
	The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	positive
	Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	negative
	All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	positive
	After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	negative
	The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	positive
	I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	negative
	Nice headset priced right.	positive
	There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	negative
	And I really did find them funny.  	positive
	Would not go back.	negative
	I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	positive
	On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	negative
	It is a joy to use.	positive
	Really awful.  	negative
	Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	positive
	The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	negative
	The reception through this headset is excellent.	positive
	Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	negative
	Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	positive
	Excellent starter wireless headset.	negative
	The case is great and works fine with the 680.	positive
	The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	negative
	Simple, lightweight and great fit.	positive
	We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	negative
	I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	positive
	I could not recommend these more.	negative
	I'm pleased.	positive
	That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	negative
	The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	positive
	It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	negative
	Waitress was good though!	positive
	Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	negative
	Great audio!.	positive
	Mic Doesn't work.	negative
	Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	positive
	You get what you pay for I guess.	negative
	Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	positive
	I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	negative
	Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	positive
	The story is beyond stupid.  	negative
	Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	positive
	Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	negative
	It's a great item.	positive
	Bad Quality.	negative
	Love this headset!	positive
	Customer service was terrible.	negative
	Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	positive
	Do not make the same mistake as me.	negative
	Razr Battery - Good buy.	positive
	The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	negative
	The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	positive
	And then tragedy struck.	negative
	Wow very spicy but delicious.	positive
	It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	negative
	(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	positive
	The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	negative
	He's a national treasure.  	positive
	I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	negative
	Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	positive
	Regrettably, the film fails.  	negative
	I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	positive
	This place is disgusting!	negative
	Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	positive
	The acting is beyond abysmal.  	negative
	VERY funny!  	positive
	Will not be back!	negative
	Love it.. Great armband.	positive
	I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	negative
	The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	positive
	The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	negative
	I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	positive
	After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	negative
	Pretty cool I would say.	positive
	The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	negative
	On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	positive
	I probably would not go here again.	negative
	It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	positive
	By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	negative
	Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	positive
	Defective crap.	negative
	First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	positive
	The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	negative
	Setup went very smoothly.	positive
	Having trouble with volume.	negative
	The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	positive
	Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	negative
	Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	positive
	I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	negative
	I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	positive
	Not enough volume.	negative
	I am more than happy with this product.	positive
	Disapointing Results.	negative
	I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	positive
	The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	negative
	If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	positive
	The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	negative
	The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	positive
	The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	negative
	Go To Place for Gyros.	positive
	I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	negative
	The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	positive
	Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	negative
	You won't be disappointed.	positive
	I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	negative
	Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	positive
	Talk about USELESS customer service.	negative
	Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	positive
	The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	negative
	The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	positive
	Worst food/service I've had in a while.	negative
	The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	positive
	The instruction manual is lacking.	negative
	Good audio quality.	positive
	Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	negative
	In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	positive
	Everything was gross.	negative
	fast service.	positive
	What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	negative
	Worth every penny.	positive
	I paid too much.  	negative
	And those baby owls were adorable.  	positive
	Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	negative
	SWEETEST PHONE!!!	positive
	He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	negative
	Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	positive
	I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	negative
	Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	positive
	I am sorry I made this purchase.	negative
	The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	positive
	You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	negative
	Pretty awesome place.	positive
	I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	negative
	Their steaks are 100% recommended!	positive
	His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	negative
	I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	positive
	Yes, it's that bad.  	negative
	Best tater tots in the southwest.	positive
	Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	negative
	Go rent it.  	positive
	It's not what it says it is.	negative
	Nice docking station for home or work.	positive
	The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	negative
